We go upstairs. we run into fake Rash, balol hit it. Then we see captain harrok fighting other me and he hits a glancing blow. We hear from the fog cries of panic and pain, yelling "It was the elf, she struck him down!". I feel a vibration in my pouch from the sending stone. I hear an insurance call and start yelling "GET OUT OF MY HEAD!! GET OUT GET OUT GET OUT". The dammage to other rash doesn't look like damage to crystal, but seems more like bruising or denting. Other Rash tries to shove El off the balcony. Harak runs off toward the barron, thava takes out fake rash. Berrion (or fake berrion) hits El twice. I run off after Harak and try to convince him I can help the barron. El tries to entanble Berrion and succeeds. She moves off to the stairs. It's getting chaotic. Harak seems to think we're attacking people and berrion is attacking El. There's a brief pause in the battle, not even a second, but everything freezes and we hear a loud "CRASH" as the ceiling breaks in and we hear a massive ROAR! The roar of a DRAGON! The mist dissapates a little bit and we can see a large creature on the roof. Big wings, a snout, probably a dragon. We feel slightly cold like it's getting chilly. It's not directly above us, it's kinda in the direction of the barron's room. Balol looks closely to see if he can identify the dragon, but he can't tell. I try to convince Harak we can help but he's not budging so I flee. El casts cure wounds on herself. She tells us someone that looks like berrion attacked her, but the sword didn't cut. The mist is disapating a bit more, things are still obscured. Berrion sees the dragon is moving northwards and digging in the ceiling. Balol charges toward the dragon. The rest of us try to catch up. Thava gets grappled by the guard. Shouldn't be long until we can see. We can now see well in melee range. Balol goes into the office and locks the door behind him and encounters another door, which is locked. He tries to break the door down. It takes him forever to get through the door. He sees some debris and a large tail. Thava finds the guard will let her go soon. Rash and el charge after him (rash had to expend Scattershot to blow open the door). Both rash and el try to convince Balol to wait to regroup. Balol hears a lot of thrashing sounds and flapping of wings. Something's emerging from the room and going upwards. The flapping of wings is dissapting the mist. It's our old friend, what's-his-face. He has a huge object in his front claws. It's the mirror! Balol casts Blind on the dragon. We found out Sarah cursed Per's dice. The dragon is blinded. Balol yells "I'll break the mirror like I did the flask". The dragon roars back "You, I remember you". The roar echoes throughout the room and skies. The guard drags thava down and releases her then runs. Rash blasts the dragon with shatter, but it shrugs off the damage. El tries to knock the dragon out of the sky with gust of wind, it's successful and he's forced to land. The room is cleared of smoke. 

This is a good stopping point. 


NOTES: I have 1/6 shots and 0 spell slots left