We get gold from winning the race, roughly 6-800. I try to convince the Vs to stay outside, they say no. We head down the secret passage. They try to leave the room, but the door won't open. I try to see if the latch is broken, it seems like something has been placed in front  of the door to block ot. Elle sees that my armor seems to have shrunk a bit. Balol leaves the room thruogh the window. There's some smoke or mist comign in through the door. I tell the kids to step away from the door, Thava offers to help them get out. I tried to look under the door and see nothign. Balol goes to the front door. It's filled with mist, he can't see. TRhe captain is shouting to help the civilians, there's the sounds of battle inside. Screams of panic, boots running around. complete chaos. But nothing is visible

Berrion can see through the mist. He sees complete chaos inside, people running around. Cpt Harak  is running up stairs, he sees attackers going against the guards. Berrion hears people in the hallway talking in a language he doesn't recognize. They don't seem as paniced, they see more curious. Berrion starts trying to rescue civilians. Balol can tell this is a magical mist, it doesn't seem dangerous but just obscures. Probably removable by wind or a storm. We convince the Vs to stay outside and get the key from them. We go in to find the people who were talking in an unknown language. Balol asks how to open the secret path. It's a compartment beneith her desk, and they tell us how to use it. We see El inside, she hits berrion in the head. We hear some yelling calling out "in the name of the immaculate lady, get away from me", i recognize the voice as Lord Viraleth. Berrion sees a third eye appear in fake El's forehead. He slays fake El via radiant damage, splitting its forehead open completely. It loses its form, becoming a scary thing, then melting away into ash. Only Berrion really sees it. Berrion follows Thava and encounters a fake Balol rushing toward us. 

We here shouting to the east, and screams. And "Is that the owlbearman, is he here to save us?". I call out "Lord Viraleth, where are you?". We get a response: "We're in the dining area, send the guards". We charge toward him, but we here from the south but upstairs. Some of understand low talk in Giant: "Is this the master's work, is this the signal." the other says "nah, we would know, we should mek sure he's okay", "no, he's OK, you know what he is". We go north, thava kicks the door open. Elle clears the room, the bad guysx run sayign "Did we get the boy? seems so". One escapes and the other gets killed. I ask Virelith if the skeleton is his. Balol casts turn undead, scaring away the skeleton. 

I ask if Virelith he's ok. He says that the skeleton wasn't his. I point out I was saved by Immaculate Lady. Virelith said the Godfried boy was abducted. It's one of the Goodkeeps. Varilith can summon his guards and try to muster a defense and help civilians. 


This ends the session, we'll probably go after the barron next. 