Al says that tower is not safe anymore. Roderick is still there. The town can magically seal the tower, Al seems to be the main target. He's confident on that. I ask al if he knows a safe place to go to disucss .I ask if he wants to visit pirate daddy. He says years

"We collected Al, he's ok. Got memories back. Heading back toward Steepbrook then lighthousen. Can orks help fight The Fetcher?". We'll also tell the town to lock the gate. 

Al wants to look through his study to collect things. He rummage through books and says something will be useful, he can teleport us. Roderick asks to be turned back human, but Al says it's not possible. Al used True Polimorph.   I ask al if he's ever seen crystal like mine. He goes quiet, and sees fascinated but then tears start to form in his eyes. He can't remember, but has seen it before. His tear seems a mix of sadness and nostalgie. He still seems to be missing some memories, might be age or magic. 

Oh yeah, and we left precious in steepbrook. We're going to take a chance at teleporting. We all join hnds in a circle, we're whisked away. the fabric of space and time is rushing before our eyes. We're right next to galibark! We hear a happy hoot hoot hoot as precious appraches and tackles Thava. Al thinks the tree thing is psychological damage from failing to protect his cousin. He needs to find her spirit in the fey wild and talk to her. Galibark produces an acorn. It's bigger than a regular acorn. Beryl was aware of a portal near the sisters, it's only open on full moons. Al mentions there are probably several portals, all will have different rules on how to use them. We could check in lighthousen for a cleric or druid that could transport us to the fey realm 

We get a message back from pirate daddy. They are in portsmouth (long way away, west side of the contenent. not far from the capital city). Takes too long to get to lighthousen, but Al can probably get us there. He's happy we and al are safe. 

Berion asks why Al questions pirate daddie's trustworthiness. He's jsut not sure if he's changed since last they spoke. Al doesn't know his agenda, but would trust him to keep those he's close to safe. Ell notices that roderick is listening very intently. 

I ask how long the seed is viable, should be planted within a week. Al could plant the seed for us, and he'd probably be safer there. He can tell us once galibark has been planted. He can contact us and could come back if needed. 

I ask if Al has tips for Narul. Isimgrim trapped demons. We show Al Balol's demon markings. They were leutenants of the Lost Daughter. Isimgrim could tap into their power and make deals on his own terms. They might be abandond by the lost daughter and might be used against her if they have no fealty to her left. They also could be on her side, we don't know. There are artifacts that can trap a soul, no matter how powerful (except dieties). Berrion suggests going back to lighthousen to recollect my book of Arcelous.

Balol mentions his bond/deal with a demon. Balol remembers that the demo smelled out 3 souls at the hags hut: one evil, one good, one innocent but only one living. 

I get a new message from the admiral: he as a new job, received word from archivist of baron von luperie. Les Aboles. Mentioned the baron seems to be going mad after geting a new mirror he keeps staring into. She needs help. He's mentioned the quest before, but it seems more urgent now because it's not easy to get an audience. Elle confirms. His birtday is in 2 days, he does a big festival outside his mansion. it's somewhere between portsmouth to the capital. Winning a race can help gain an audience. He thinks the mirror may be demonic. We discuss. Elle knows it's an owlbear derby. Owlbears pull carts and race. Usually there's a rich noble that sponsors adventurers to ride. It's very dangerous. 

We decide to do the quest and teleport to portsmouth. We gather hands in a circle and he teleports us. The fabric of reality warps around us. We find ourselves in a strange land with green hills everywhere. Sun seems to be smiling at us.  There's an alien something that greets us. We see our future lives, it's beautiful and happy. As we grow old we sit on a poarch together and say goodbye to each other. Then we open our eyes in portsmouth. Al says we came into contact with an eldrich portal, it's just a not real thing but could mess with us. We're at the port and see pirate ddy's ship. We start heading toward the ship. We learn how to stir fy potatoes. 

We meet up with pddy and quartermaster. titania is not there, nor is morgonna. Al and pddy seem familiar with each other, but it's surface level. Even though Al is shorter, it's 'cause he's old, it looks like pddy is looking up to Al with strange respect. Al seems to be judging the admiral. Like a parent judging a child. They engage with awkward pleasantries, Al takes the lead. pddy urges we should do the quest. He explains the race: we go to the location, less than a day's walk. We need to find a patron who's participating or has an owlbear. It's a few select that can afford it. The race includes weird hurdles / obstacles like puzzles, nature being against you, opponants that try to stop you. The team's job is to clear obstacles for the owlbear, it must cross *alive*. I ask if he has leads on a patron. There are 4 patrons in need: they don't know much about them. Lord Storwind (young human), Lord Kalen Berilith (half elf, noble), Lady Lockhart (half orc), Lady Ilara Valith (elvish). Valith and Lockhard have participated before, Lockhart won last year. Valith is an expert and has won several times before, but not in the last couple years. Rumor says she has a strong owlbear this year. We should check on the owlbears in their pens when we get there. Stormwind was born to wealth, reputation for philantropy but not much of a public face. Valith is oldest house, strong influence and well educated, passions range from racing to scholors to music to literature, known for caring for the owlbears, seems to be trying to prove that nobility is about skill. Berilith can be intimidating and scary, quite powerful, rumored to own many rare creatures and artifcats on his estates. Lockhart is known to be an expert animal handler, gets her hands dirty and cares for the animals herself, quite vain and dresses up. 