We arive in the port town after riding all night. We see PDDY's ship in port, though his flag isn't flying. We make our way to the ship. There's a wide gangplank down from the ship. The owlbear Bismark is with us, people on the boat seem confused but we all board. PDDY greets, notices we're haggard and torn. Elle's body is frozen and in the hole. The ship and people on it look like it's been through a lot. Cloths covered in blood, and orc is clawed up. PDDY heads toward us. Someone that looks like Al is on the ship, but he looks to have aged decades (and he started old). There's a graying racoon next to him, is toothless. PDDY looks tired, but no older. With us we have Owlbear man, 2 owlbears, bismark and the guards. PDDY asks what all happened

recap

We tell him everything that happened. We need high level magic and something extrememly powerful. Thava asks if PDDY's wife's patron could do it. She could, but we don't know how to contact her and probably can't afford it. We should probably ask Al, who just came back from the fey wilds. We would need a Pristine diamond (worth 1k gold), that would cover the material needs. Diamonds of this quality are extremely rare since the war. Berrion asks about PDDY's crew. Some of his other adventuring parties had troubles, but he won't discuss details. They found a spy on the ship. Balol goes off to use his healing to help with the injuries in the sick bay. PDDY hasn't heard substantiated reports of ressurection without sacrifices. We choose to talk to Al, who may have connections to ressurrect Elle

We head over to Al. Thava sees that lord Viralith greets PDDY, and recognized the owlbear Bismark. His eyes are white / gray, probably can't see well but he recognizes us. He smiles as we approach, and stands to great us. Al rambles around about stuff, including divine beings. He mentions necromancy adjacent stuff. Need a diety connected to the dead and an artifact connected to both. Al tells us our own story for a bit, then says he brought Galibark's acorn to the fey wild where he was able to reconnect to the Twins. Al brings a huge seed from his pocket. Says we can plant it in soil from the fey wild and a blood sacrifice, and will bring forth the spirit of the twins and ask them a favor. 

Berrion runs off to bring back the hole with Ell. The seeds starts growing as an etherial tree, and grows above the masts of the ship. Faces appear on each side of the tree, almost like they're growing together to almost form a thrid composit face, which looks at us. the third 'face' has no mouth. Some of the features are similar to Galibark, but they don't see to be of the same people. We hear 2 voices ask us to ask them something. 

Al presents himself. He says we have a dead person, we're asking the grand favor to bring back our fallen friend. The tree is conflicted and talks with itself. "You are mortal, asking for an unselfish favor.". Al confirms, and the tree nods to him. Tells Al to put the seed on the Elle-sicle. We do so. This only works if the soul is willing. The seed now starts growing and is corporial. Roots are covering most of Elle until she's completely covered. The tree starts de-growing back into the seed. The roots start falling apart and withering. Elle is there, but her skin has regained her normal color. Her hair is no longer dark, but it's now brown hard twigs. Some of her wounds are covered in a golden amber. See's breathing again. 

Elle regains consiousness in Berrien's arms. Asks where we are. She's fully healed, including her fel damage to max HP. 

Jumping to Balol: He's heading to the med bay. He gets a nagging feeling, almost like a headache. It's coming from the direction of the admiral's office. Not sure what it is, but a perterbance. He starts curing the people he brought with, making sure the orc is the last one. He asks about what happened to them, trying to learn their missions. He gets pretty mundane stories, nothing juicy. The orc doesn't know Balol, he wasn't part of the pack we brought to the ship. The orc has blade and claw marks similar to the fel injuries that our party took from the wolves, but they don't look like from wolfs. They're more serrated. The orc is speaking nonsense, and mixing common and orkish and an unknown language. Balol heals the orc. The orc says "He's coming, I'm not him, I'm Grein". Balol calls for help. 

We all cross paths. Balol stays separate, heading to the admiral's office. the door is locked, but he still feels something from in there. He hads to the adjoining room, which is also locked. He heads to the other adjoining room, the quartermaster's office, that one's unlocked. He goes inside. He looks for a secret passage, but finds there is no secret path. He hears a cough behind him, "Can I help you, Master Dwarf". It's PDDY. Balol is very honest. PDDY invites Balol into the office, says he thinks he knows. PD goes to a small safe and does the combination. 1-4-X-X. The pain increases, but not bad, as the safe opens. It's a big, green lantern. It's bright green, and inside there are almost the features of a face. Balol starts sweating, he touches his demon mark and it's bleading. The admiral smells the blood. Balol gets cagey. The lantern is of the goddess Narul, belonging to a demon of similar rank of Balol's demon friend. A lantern knight. PDDY won't lend the lantern, said that's a discussion for tomorrow. We deserve our rest. 

We have our own quarters. but it's desert time. Balol tells us what happened, except the sneeking bit. We sleep for the night. Elle and I chatted about having died. We get a full night's rest, but it's kinda restless. Not a great sleep. We wake having slept the entire day, it's dark again. Seems like we needed that rest (we went to bed very early morning, near dawn). My armor switched to guardian mode. It's quiet, maybe too quiet. Balol still feels the object in his mind-brain. We decide to go check on the admiral's office, make sure it's still secure. A red shimmer appears when thava reaches for the door. 

I ask PDDY over our mind-link, a different voice responds. Elle casts dispell magic. Thava opens the door, it's dark so I give her a glowing potato. Down the hallway we see a blue shimmer, halfway through the hallway. Thava sees the light completely stops at the shimmer. We can go through it. Balol swings the book hammer, which eats the wall. We continue down toward the office. On either side of the stairs are 2 flickering lights. Berrian knows the hue seems off. Elle thinks they seem too yellow. We throw the glowing potatos at them, when they're about 5 feet awa and the lights explode, freezing the potatos in place and getting rid of the glow. We proceed. They're very narrow, so we need 2x2. Balol and shadow go first. There's a poem in blood. There's a scream as he reads the last word, of terror and menace. We advance. We come around the corner and there's a hallway. THere's a bend before we get to the office. Coming around the bend is a green, dark light. Balol's pain has increased. We hear bones scraping and some pacing of footsteps heading in our direction. THe green light is getting stronger. It seems like a brighter green than Balol saw. He tells us his headache is stronger. Something stumbles out, there are 2 bright white skeletons. One has a bright green shimmer on its head, like a flame. They focus on us and attempt to rush us. I use shatter on them, causing some small damage and knocking the glowing head off. The skeleton catches its head. Balol casts turn undead. It evaporates the one holding the skull. The skull falls, there's a ticking sound, then an explosion with green flames in a 15' radius. Shatters the other skeleton. We proceed around the corner. Thava takes the lead, moving stelthily forward. well, not stealthily at all really. 

The QM's door is locked. We try the admiral's door, something is written on it. It's spooky. Thava investigates but learns nothing. Elle knocks on the door. It's not locked. We open the door, everything seems fine. There's a map on the desk, there's a safe behind the desk. Balol's pain is not pointing toward the safe, it's all over. just thumping. The safe starts to open a little, it's empty. We hear a voice bhind us, it sounds hollow. Battle!

We defeat the creature and it falls to the ground. I catch the lantern before it hits the ground. Balol hears "I'm free. I'm not him. I'm Graen, not the Night Haunter". It's glowing dark green, I'm not feeling anything from the lantern. Balol wants to touch it, but I say no. The ship no longer seems eerie and the walls seem to change. We're back in our quarters. I still have the lantern. It feels like we just woke up, with all the effects of a long rest. I put the lantern in my pack. It now seems to be day time. I say we should check on PDDY. I send "We need to talk. Something happened in the night. Danger seems imminant". He says to meet him in the office, something is up and others will be there. 

We head to check on PDDY. We find the orc in PDDY's office dead, though it looks like it's from his earlier wounds (not caused by us). The office shows no damage, but the safe is open. 

We take a break. 