The race is about getting the owlbear and party across the finish line, by almost any means necessary but no killing. Outsiders could interfere with us. Don't get caught if you do anything terrible.

We take a long rest on the boat. I practice with my gun, trying to build proficiency. 

Owlbear info
Highly food motivated
keen hearing and smell, and great sight
not dumb but not very smart
sounds of very large birds of prey
there's come regionality to their preferences, just like our world bears. you can tell by their feathers
the racers are juvinile ehough that they aren't distracted by mating smells

We go to the festivle, it's a huge event with people all dressed up in fancy hats and robes. We see 4 larger tents set up close to the owlbear pens. We figure this is where the 4 nobles are right now, Elle might recognize some of the nobles. Thava tries to approach the owlbears, but the guards won't let us through without our sponsor. 


We approach lady lockhart's tent. Lockhart isn't in her tent, she's int he pens tending to the owlbear. the attendent brings us to her in the pens. The smell inside is brutal. We're led to a pen labled as Lemon Tart. They attendent calls out to Lady Lockhart, the door opens and before us stands a larg half-orc woman, in overalls over a noble dress. They're covered in owlbear stuff. She's a southern bell. Lemon tart is female, she's curled up on the straw floors and is barely contained by the pen. As we approach she trills. Lockhart throws meat toward Lemontart, who snags it out of the air. Thava chats with Lockhart about Lemontart. She's from a desert region, she has a yellow-brown fur and feathers. SHe's a bit chonky, not used to forests. She's food motivated, not the smartest but trickable with food. Lockhart thinks motivation could be a big thing for this race. She's the back-to-back winner. Elle asks what she thinks about the competition. Valith has a good pedigree for her owlbear. Lemongrass is similar to the previous winners. She seems really calm. Berrion asks what she's looking for: wants a team that will take care of lemon tart. Lemon tart tries to coax precious to eat some food. Berrion investigates to see if the cart has been tampered with. It's her lucky cart, won the past 2 races. 

We go to Valith's tent. There are plenty of black-clad elvin warrios standing outside a dark-colored tent. Inside on a black couch is an elderly elven woman, dark hair and dark dress. Green piercing eyes, intelligent with a hint of mischif. High quality clothes. Elle takes the lead. She walks up to us imperiously, introduces herself. She's looking for participants. She says she has the best pedigree of them all this year, we go to visit her owlbear. All the guards follow closely with us, watching us very closely and obviously defending Valith. She's bragging about the pedigree of her bear. Named Doomclaw Jr, his father won 5 years ago. We see it's a male owlbear, pitch black with scars of many battles. She says he's forged in battle with his brothers, he's been the winner overall. He earned the name Doomclaw. He's a deep forest owlbear, from mountainous area. Elle asks how she trains them and what motivates them. Says easily motivated, we hear a crack of a whip and the bear stands to attention. He listens to intimidation and force, not easily tricked or motivated by food or praise. He's decently smart. There's a specific whip sound that makes him lie down. Doomclaw seems both a little aggressive (but not openly) but also curious toward. thava swears at valith, she recognizes the swear.

We decide to go back and sign with lockhart. We go to her tent and ask if she's signed anyone, but she has some interest in her returning team. She's comfortable with thava talking directly to lemontart. Balol stays at the tent, a group approaches and it appears to be an adventuring party. Balol tries to convince them that there isn't an opportunity, he kinda fails and they run toward the pens. Lemon tart is entheustic about the race. She likes treats, she likes running and pulling. thinks it's a fun game. Does she like being on a team, she does. She likes hanging out with other owlbears too. The bears are chatting. Lemontart likes Lockhart. Someone once got scared because she was going too fast. She sais she's heard cries at night from another bear. also snoring and a triumphant trill. We ask to sign with Lockhart. Lockhart asks Lemontart (in common) and signs us. As soon as we do this we hear the other adventuring party. They grumble a bit. I puck up a handfull of pebbles. 

Balal, Berrion, and I work on the cart. We re-inforce the wheels and axels, add spikes to the wheels. Elle approaches the other lords. She couldn't get in to see them. Thava searches for owl-bear treats, and finds a lot!

Thava asks Lockhart to watch Precious while we're racing. Our team name is The Precious Lemontarts, TPL for short. We cart up and head to the starting area. We can't see the other teams yet, we'll see them when the paddocks open. The anouncer jumps on and announces the start of the race. There's a fan-favorite team that's come in 4th, then 3rd, 2nd: Rolo and pals! A group of orcs and haflings strapped up in chainmail and heavily armed + they have instruments. One screams out "this one's for you bella". The owlbear is a huge best of a bear, they're going for Berilith with Bismark. 2x the size of Lemontart, and tart is big. It was born in the forests of aselith. Anounces us, TPL! 3rd team is new and young, xxxShadowWarriorNinjaxxx, riding on Doomclaw Jr. They're super goth teenagers. Now the 2x winners, riding on Sir Berrington McOwlface: The Bacon Rangers. The crowd loves them! That was the team that balol messed with. The bear is a generic brown owlbear: general forest owlbear with big round eyes. He has a blue scarf, seems proud. Rules allow basically anything except killing. 

Doomclaw Jr reacts to the whip and stays put due to balol's thamurturgy whip-crack, the other two charge farward. We convince her to charge forward at the same 2 with a treat and the sounds of playing owlbears.

Lemontart starts meandering toward berry thickets. the trail ahead dissolves before our eyes, and we just see fake natural forest, then we see a new trail 100 feet away going in a different direction. I fail to see through the illusion. Elle tries to guide LT away with food, and she isn't impacted by the illusion. 

We hear behind us a bunch of screaming and shouting and a whip-crack. DCJ seem to be catching up. Elle casts spike-growth on the ground behind us.

We see a foggy ghostly-white gloom. We barely see a figure with a large horned helmate, he says "You're fools to travel this wya, down this path lies the gates of death. We see a deer skill. Ah fuck, it's just an owlbear". Thava used "pass without a trace" and got us by it. We no longer see or hear DCJ.

We see a small cottage on the trail, in front of it are wooden wagens used for carting coal. They're in various states of repair. There's an old man watching us, he takes a blow on a pipe. "Now i've seen everything, i can put a harness on anything". LT sees there's a person, but doesn't try to approach them. We choose not to put a harness on her and continue on.

The forest seems to be reclaiming the path until the trail fades away. the ridge is 20-ish feet tall. berrion searches for a path, sees a rune. Balol sees a rune that says shortcut. He presses the rune, we hear grinding of stone and see a stone is removed from the side revealing a tunnel. I toss a rock down there with light. It seems safe and clear, but it's narrow. LT seems cautious, but Elle encourages her.

We hear drums behind us, coming from the water. We hear shouting and splashing. We look back and see Bismark's team in the water. They're riding the bear, not a cart. Berrion uses potion of slipperiness to cause a greese splash on the ground behind us. The bear slips and lands on the riders. It takes them time to recover and get up, but the bear is able to. 

We continue forward and the trail becomes narrow. We seem some shadows lurking ahead of us, lemontart slows down. There's a bunch of people standing in front of a ravine stoping use from moving through. The group pulles weapons. I cast Farie fire on them, cover 4 in fire and 2 aren't. The others are looking around, looking above use and are scared of the Owlbear man. He jumps out from above use and kicks a ruffian in a face and starts fighting them. Balol starts trying to coax LT forward. He succeeds, and they seem scared of all that's going on. Thava uses her breath weapon while flying. knocks 3 of them down. One of them leaves saying "between them, owlbearman, and the fetcher I'm out of here". OBM leaps away.

Ahead is a small wooden bridge that crosses many streams. On the bridge is the transparant image of a wizard, he gives a riddle: "Should this riddle confound you, i'll be a" a brother to it's mother who would abond. We try "pearl", but the illusion does not respond. Lemon tart continues walking. Lemon tart just walks through the illusion, we keep going. I destory the bridge.

We find a stone bridge with someone in long brown robes with a red face. Lemontart slows as we approach, there's a swordsman one we tricked long ago. He wants to fight that deception again, we send him back. Balol casts command telling him to run and he's gone. We continue.

We come to another bridge. There's a small band of armed humans, Elle recognizes the bannor and colors of Lord von Blueberry. There's a black-bearded man telling us to cross in single file. There's a guardhouse and we don't know how many are in there. There's a sherrif and at least 8 other people in fine equipment, they look like they're looking for "black naga". They don't recognize what the whole is, they do a thourough inspection. We lost time here, but we avoided trouble

There'sa large bend in the road ahead of us. THere's a small cottage, some smoke coming from the chimney. THere are voices of human children, LT wants to go in that direction. Balol tries to close the door. I make white noise with a rock to try and drown out the children's voices. Thava tries to convince her with food. We stop her from going toward the cottage, but she seems uneasy and lies down refusing to move. Thava uses speaks with animals to talk to LT. Her tummy hurts. LT may be pregnant and needs to lay an egg. Elle and Berrion help her build a nest, and she lays a large egg. We put it in the hole with a cloak of protection. 

We're near the finish line, there's one cart neck and neck with us. Balol casts blindness on the owlbear and the driver. The owlbear seems blinded and confused, and going in circles. Berrion hacks their reigns. I grow LT bigger. One of them attacked our cart and destroyed it, we're flying through the air. I cast feather fall on us all, slowing our descent. Berrion TPs forward and grabs lemontart. Ballol commands their OB to stop and it does, and we dash over the finish line in first place! The crowd chears us as we barrel over the finish line like drunken bears. Gold coins are being thrown at our feet. I tap the finish like for "TPL wins!". 
