Session 9 notes.txt

In the admiral's room is PDDY, Al, Quartermaster Petitas, the Barron Viraleth, Owlbearman. They're looking intently at us. I ask what happend to them all. He says we're not in any trouble, Grein succomed to his wounds. It doesn't look like it's from our battle. I show the admiral the lantern and tell the admiral what happened. I ask if the admirl knows the Night Haunter: everyone in the room knows about it. Many people heard the voice, but they didn't fight it. They ran around the ship trying to avoid it, and woke back up in their chambers. Someone new in the room is sobbing, she (Spark) says she and Grein were on an adventure where they encountered the night haunter. Al strokes his beard and ponders a lot. I read out the entry for Lanternshade to the group. Balol still feels the disturbance from the lantern. I ask if Al knows anything about the being, we realize Grein had fel injuries. The other lady asks who dealt the final blow, it was Alfonso. Grein dealt the final blow in their battle. The admiral spots Balol touching the mark on his neck. New person, Gabriel the witch hunter pulls a Boromir. Balol wants to try and destroy it. He hits the lamp with the book hammer. The lantern cracks and explodes with green light. The green smoke lingers and settles around balol, berrion, and spark. It starts seeping into their wounds, leaving scars. Their max HP is back to normal, the lantern no longer has green light. Balol's pain is gone. Al says Fel magic uses the power of souls as a source and freeing them could restore that which was lost. 

A bushy bearded stranger is also in the room, almost like fur growning on his face and his one arm. He's wearing a brown cape and golden shoulder pauldrens. Seems capable, but has seen much battle. Has a longsword in a nice scabbard. Abadard? He asks if we fought dopplegangers, I describe the fight. He says dopplegangers are typically used for assassinations and framing people. They don't use tools, though, they use their limbs. PDDY asks how it's relavent. Seems there are 3 forces after the demon artifacts. Thava asks PDDY if he knows about other orginizations that may want demonic artifcats. He nods to his QM. He takes everyone except us + Al + PDDY out of the room. Al mentions The Fetcher, says he's up to something. He sent people away to keep the secret tight, as interigation from The Fetcher is....extreme. We mention his cat thingy. It's a Displacer Beast. The Fetcher might be in cahoots with creatures of the abyss. Just rumors, but from reliable sources. Al mentions some students of his may know things about demon trinkets, says most wizards eventually encounter the Fell. His last 3 students were particuarly interested in it, including Leymoran, Mrazyn, Rhastorgar. L was excellent in enchantments and abjuration, liked birds. Seemed obsessed with keeping things alive, one way or another. Almost like he wanted to create life through magic. Galmagus the red was in a bottle, Valruth the vial in a mirror, and Murxuroth the Vile in a painting/statue? 

Balol asks PDDY why he's interested in the artifacts. He has no particular interest in them, but was interested in the lamp. He wanted it to keep it out of The Fetcher's hands. PDDY is suspicious about Balol's story of the book being left in the temple, but doesn't press it. We ask about the lost daughter: she rules with fear and threats. All other demon lords are rivels, but never trust a demon. They will break deals, unlike devils who are bound to contracts. I ask about the Immaculate Lady. Seems to be a new religion, might be old, not a lot of details. Some suggest it might be Narul or The Raven Queen or Illafia. No concensus. 

We discuss where to go next. We recall the 3rd demon escaped but was frozen on Arcelaous. I recall the dragon had disfigured hind legs, he's always being carried in human form. Unlikely he could run or walk. We decide to head back to Leymoran's tower, but at some point we should probably clear our names. 

Viraleth wants to go to The Old World, the forbidden lands in the east. OBM wonders what we should do with the owlbears. Petitasand a Drow are talking about disappearances, building still there but people are gone. He's asking her to look into it. Spark is talking to someone that looks a lot like Dr Bones. The bird-person says a bunch of things I don't understand, Thava realizes she's saying Al did something in a dangerous place. Also something about a mother, but THava doesn't understand what bird-person means. Keeps repeating Book Book Book, doing charades about writing. Thava gets a paper and pencil from Elle and gives it to the bird-person.  She starts drawing, but it's a perfect image of Al. Repeats "Book book book, danger zone". 