Our sponsor, Lady lockhart, comes and congratulates us on our victory. In the distance we see what seems to be the barron. He's surrounded by guards and important people. He seems distracted by a hand mirror and seems maybe dissapointed. Mirror is about the size of a face, he seems to be inspecting it. We want to see his archivist, and we know of his obsession. LL says the banquet is after dusk, we have time to wind down and clean up. 

we're provided a tent to clean up in and some clothing in LL's colors and insignia. We discuss our plans. We realize we probably can't bring our weapons, so I put all of them in the hole. So does Balol. Thava tries to hide a knife. We put all the other weapons in the hole. Guards ask us about weapons, but they don't find any. He thought the blowing up of the cart was thrilling at the end. His name is Harrok, a half-orc who's seen plenty of battle. He's in half-plate that's seen it's work. It's well polished though. He says the barren likes talking about owlbears and exotic places/artifcats. Doesn't like people asking him for money. Balol asks about the mirror. It's relatively recent obsession. He says we should talk to the archivist about it. She could be anywhere in the chateau other than the dance floor. The barron doesn't have his own owlbears. The guard challenges if we can bring precious in. Thava shows her training and we're allowed to bring her in.

LL saw the archivist in the NW of the chateau. She's Lissa Viloce. Very smart, non nonsense. LL doesn't know her personally. She likes exotic items from far away, rocks, painting, history. She's an elf. She asks to talk more privately in her office. El thinnks she seams trustworthy, so we join her. Her office has lots of papers and notes. Many seem to be recipts of the items we saw in the gallery. It's much quieter here, esp with the door close. LV takes out notes from a secret seaming compartment in her desk. She presents her notes on the mirror. We discuss the mirror. The hand mirror was not the real one. He was upset that it wasn't the mirror in question. He sees special things in the real mirror. The mirror has been there for years, he gets enthralled looking into it. Sometimes he whispers in a language she doesn't understand. This is new behavior, the mirror used to be covered. This estate was gifted to the barron by his friend Verse de Arcealious. He doesn't let people near it anymore. The barron is the only one with the key to the chambers, but there are ways to sneak in. The Arcealious children are here, and they're concerned about the barron. They're not yet of age, so the barren is holding the area in regency. They are twins, Victor and Victoria. There are other rooms nearby accessible from other balconies. The lounge is not guarded. When someone tried to cover the mirror, the barron hissed and slapped the person. They consulted a cleric but the cleric fled. She says our mirror with the kid is much smaller. The trail of the mirror goes back to Isemgrim. She doesn't know much about I. Berrion reveals what we know or think about the mirror, that it probably has a demon. Breaking the mirror is not a good choice. She says they have the same sword as berrion's sword in the barron's office. The symbol that marks Balol is on the mirror and she's seen it in the old Arcealious notes. We don't understand the notes. 

Victor enjoys war and soldiors and sugh, Victoria like dancing and such. I go looking for Victor. We see lord Viraleth and Von Blueberri talking. Viraleth is trying to get money from Blueberri, tries to schmooze up to him but fails and guards draw swords when he tries to put his hands on the barron's shoulder. BB sees us, and beems at us. BB gives us a package that he was holding. It feels soft, i open it. It's a Hoot Suit, attunable by a druid. The barron offers Precious his bracelet, precious grabs it. The barron puts the bracelet on precious's arms, it's a feather armlet. The barron recommends that we see the art gallery and try the food. Thava awkwardly asks about mirrors. The barron says Victor is likely in the office. We head there. 

Scene change to downstarirs with El adn Berrion. Victoria seems annoyed and keeps glancing at Lord Stormind, who's also in the room. El is in Goodkeep colors. Victoria seems to recognize the colors of Goodkeep and seems curious and confused. She says there are more people from Goodkeep at the banquet. Berrion tries to dance with Victoria and try to get her closer to Stormwind. Stormwind says a silly poem and the ladies swoon. El asks for a private word with Victoria, they head to the office. 

Scene change to Balol. Balol checks a door in the game room, it's locked. 

Back to us: on the way to the office. We meet up with Victor and convince him to chat with us privately. He says he knows the castle like the back of his hand. El fills the kids in about what we're trying to do. They say the mirror isn't evil, that it's wonderful. They say they see their parents. They like the mirror and don't want it to disappear. They're reluctant to help, but El is able to convince them it's hurting their uncle. They'll show us a secret path, they're kinda excited to do so. They start going through Lissa's drawers and get a key, and Lissa doesn't know there's a hidden path between her office and the barren's room. 