I run off to grab El's body. I start getting chased by guards trying to surround me. Balol uses a spell to make the sound of a dragon. One of the guards freezes up, but the others continue their advance. Thava runs in to help me carry El. We get off the balcony, being chased by Harak. We call up to Harak with Virelith, but he still wants to take us into custody. We ask if Virelith can help us or help Elle. She'd need a powerful cleric or healer to bring her back from the dead. He says it's beyond his capabilites, but he has connections and he's willing to help us. Owlbearman is asking us to get in his cart to get out of here. Harak doesn't like OBM either. The escape route is to the north, south is the main traveling route (and it's where we came from). We get Virelith and OBM to join us. Balol and Berrion and Precious are on OBMs cart, the rest of us on Virelith's. We all flee to the north. 

We're heading through a small mountain pass. We see the children with lady Vaelith near the house as we disappear in the distance. We're moving into a dark forest at night. the roads are narrow and windy, and it's not well traveled. OBM's cart takes the lead, I have the harness of our owlbear glow with light. There's a fork in the road, but the left fork has a tree down. North is longer but safer, west is shorter but more perilous. We go north. The forest is quite thick. We start to see eyes deep within the forest staring at us. From bushes, from high up in the trees. There are glints of fangs now and then. We miss a turn and have to scramble to stay on the path. We successfully realize there's a trap and we stay on the path. We come to a mountainous pass. We hear the sound of metal against metal, like the clashing of swords. We hear "Ah hah, have at the" from the south. We see the hobgoblin battling the battle guy we saw at the race. It's an epic dual. We ignore them and come to another cross-roads: East and West. Balol asks OBM's suggestion, he suggests west so we go that way. In the distance we see a strange light hovering, illuminating a small stone tower thing. It's around 3 stories tall. The light is dancing and floating in the air 10-15 feet away from the tower, above the road. It's an old boathouse ho on e has used in a long time. Virelith knows a story of a boatsman / ferryman that used to live there. He died a horrible death and is possibly haunting the tower. He left behind a great treasure. We decide to not stay the night in the spooky tower. As we approach / pass there's a lot of mist, spooky mist, and the light disappears. We see the stone tower next to the water. We pass by the tower without interacting. We get closer to the water folowing the road. There's a nother fork in the road, E/W. As we approach the lake we hear a lot of splashing and growling from the center of the lake. It's a huge lake and we can't see to the center. We hear the flapping wings, a splash, and a roar. We figure there's a dragon in the lake, probably Vaerglaz. We hear splashing and screaching and flapping of wings. No one stops the cart for us to go to the dragon. We hit a new crossroad, N and E. OBM remembers a stream to the east that can be quite rapid. N is longer and windier, but "kindof fun". We go North. The road is windy and serpentine. Not too much of a hassle though. There's a bunch of really large branches sticking out into the road. The woods are quite thick, narrowing the path and obscuring our vision. We stop the carts and I make the other owlbear's harness glow. We continue through the branches. Bismark is too big to fit, so we break the branches to get him through. We get to another tree trunk across the path. Looks like it fell recently. We notice that the tree fell from natural causes, but it fell recently. Thava notices wheel tracks in front of the trunk and a broken wagon wheel. We have lemontart try to shift the trunk out of the way. She easily tosses it out of the way. We hear the sound of hooves from the south coming at a rapid speed. We see torches in the distance. Balol casts light off in the forest to try and distract any pursuit. The torches are approaching rapidly. Berrion sees a tiny silver orb floating above my head. Berrion directs Thava how to reach and destroy the orb. OBM says we're approaching a bridge then a clearing, we're almost out. It's a pretty solid stone bridge. There's a broken down cart, we decide to block the bridge with a brokend down cart and light it on fire using 8 torches, it makes a big fire. There's a new fork: W/N/E. We start to ask V and OBM about it, but we see Harak to the south. N is V's mansion, W is th nearest port city. E is forest of Eldrissil. Balol attacked the horse, killing it and throwing Harak prone. V might know someone who can help immediately, though it's not definite. They're to the north past his mansion. The port city will bring us closer to PDDY. The forest of Eldrissil is to the right. I got the message from baron asking how things are going. I respond "Baron dead, we've been framed. Dragon appeared, took mirror. El died. Going to port city. Need Rez."