We head back to the inn with the intent of resting. We're in full equipment but not costume. We discusss what to do, the plan is to find the contact and get out of town to Al's tower. Galibar allows us to use his antler hat as bones. Morg agrees to take in the younglings as squires. We all head up to the room to discuss plans and rest. I look around for spies. I find the hole they came in, it's a really well done cut. No one's around listeneing to us now. We discuess potentially leaving a false trail for the book. We're gonna disguise the joke book with the face shield. We take a short rest

We finish our short rest, it's ~noon. Morg and the kobolts have gone. Elle talks to the barkeep. They go to the general market butcher for fresh local meat, for fish the go to the harbor butcher, they do not go to the third one. It's way over in the temple district, and it's lower quality meat. They hear it's donkey meat. It's cheaper, but they like quality product. We head to the third butcher + temple. Temple first. 

Elle notices that the wax sigel was broken on her letter. The letter said "There is no war in [city]"

We head to bahamut's temple first. The temple is nicely decorated, very shiny and made of polished metals. It has a large dragon statue, like a large statue but not large for a dragon. There aren't many adornments other than the statue. It's very clean and clearcut. It looks more orderly than the surrounding areas. A place of serenity and calm. Bahamut prefers deeds more than objects of affection. He doesn't hoard goods, but achievements and deeds. The door is open, there are clerics outside. Thava approaches the bronze dragonborn and chats. He says the temple is open to everyone. Offerings _can_ be left behind. Thava asks if we can leave something behind. I can't understand anything and wander off to look at the statue. Elle and Balol go into the temple with the book. They put the offering inside. Berrion and I play catch with my dancing lights in front of the temple. Order of Bahamut is celibate.

We head to the butcher. It's in a squared in area between two buildings. It says "open for business" in bright blood, but in child-like letters. It's boarded by temples. One of the temples is to Tier (a war god) and Thava can smell a graveyard. There's also sign toward the graveward. We hear wistling in the ally and head toward it. There's also a chopping sound, like a butcher working. Behind a large table coverend in meat of different types, is a person in dark-yellow long robes that look almost rubbery. It's wearing a beaklike mask. 

It's Dr Bones. He can bring us to Al, but needs to finish work. Dr bones asks if I want to be taller. He's smaller than most humans, taller than dwarfs. We can't tell his build. He can put the bone back if they lose a limb. We help him sort the bones. We carry his bones with us. His limbs are at odd angles. He studies bones. He starts walking in the direction he says the tower is, waddling. His pronouns are Doctor. 

We have to go through small village call Steep Brook village. Dr Bones speaks Owlbear, maybe? He wants Thava's bones. We start traveling toward Al's tower. Balol doesn't notice anyone following us. I'm still dressed as a street urchin kobolt. Someone is looking at me a lot, swears under his breath, and leaves. It's mid-afternoon, we won't reach the town so we need to camp tonight. I summon alfred to set up tent and I start a fire.

Watches: Barion + rash, barion + elle, elle + balol + elle, galibar + thava. Dr Bones burries a bone, thinks the earth can grow bones. I suggest he needs owlbear poo as fertilizer. 

Watch 1: Smells of open road, you can smell the fresh rain in the grass. Doesn't seem to be anything to watch out for. Seems much greener than anywhere we've been: more grass and forest, and more farms relatively nearby. 

Watch 2: One of the trees nearby has a young squirrel family. Dr. bone's snoring is a whistling sound. He's sleeping on the pile of bones, sitting and leaning on it.

Watch 3: Galibar is almost dozing off again. He keeps getting drawn into the dream world. He asks if we did the rigth thing with the kobolts. said the city seems scary to him

Watch 4: Gaibar and Thava drink tea. Thava teaches precious to roll as an attack. Precious does a big poo.

We finish our long rest. Dr Bones' tree did not grow. It's a few hours walk to town, we should arrive mid-late afternoon. We continue walking. Most people there are lumberjacks. Most houses are built with wood from the nearby forest. We're going north, we'll need to go to the east after arriving. To the north would be more towards civilization. 

We discuss if we stay in steepbrook or continue on. Dr Bones says they're friendly. We reach the town. It's quite a smaller town. All the buildings are spread out a bit. We're just gonna get dinner and continue on. As we enter the town we see 4 cloaked, armed people in the cneter of town. They look like the witch hunters: they're walking North East. This is towards thick forest. One of them turns around: female, younger witha bob cut. Broad sword on her shoulder, leather armor. She tries to report us but the captain ignores her rudely. I buy a stack of papers. Dr bones comes here sometimes to collect and sell bones. Does the time between Dr Bone saying it's and fine matter. We learn he can create bone arrows and weapons. Thava orders 10 basilisc claw crossbow bolts made, costing 20 gold. Berrion asks about the witch hunters. The mayor asked for their help. There's rumors that there's a hag in the NE sealing their children, they asked the witch hunters to kill her. They're out of children. Nobody's seen the hag's true face. Hags are a fiend, kinda a witch, typically lives alone in a hut. Mix between fay and devil, they like to strike deals that are never in your favor. They don't try to trick you into making a deal, but the cost is high. Hags sometimes work in trios, the power of 3 is covanent which makes them much stronger. They're typically not kind to one another. They might not like each other, but they're much more powerful. Hags are powerful fiends likely resistant to physical damage. 

We decide to walk a couple more hours then set up camp. I hear a buzzing sound coming from the sending stone. I answer but ignore the caller, can't remember who they are.

There's a humanoid stumbling towards town on the road. It's the witch huntress, clutching her left shoulder asking for help. She says "She has them, you have to help them". Balol heals her, but the arm doesn't regrow. Balol asks "what happened". She caught the other witch hunters, they're still alive. Just one hag (she thinks): lots of illusions and spikes and such. There were cages with small bones, but they think they heard voices. We decide to go towards the hag to save the children. We proceed cautiously. 
