I start ritually detecting magic. The trees in this part of the forest are less healthy looking than other parts of the forest. Darkened, gnarled and twisty. Seem like skelital fingers. Sun is setting, shadows are heavy. Air is thick, heavy, and musty. We think we see creatures roaming in the forest, but we're not sure. Sounds seem distorted and muted, there are runes and markings on the trees. The nature of the place is eery and spooky. I inspect the ruins: I see that some of the markings look similar to the runes we saw in the fell book. No pattern that I can see. I cut the bark off one of the trees and take the symbol with me. Thava sees we're following the tracks of the witch hunters. She finds it surprising that we've seen creatures nearby with no tracks. Some of the trees have old scars that look to be made by sharp objects, like very large claws. They don't look like animal claws, more like 4 fingernails. The scars are faint and old. It's eery that sometimes we hear the wind rustling and sometimes it's like complete dead silence. There's an uneasy feeling that we're getting watched or followed by something unseen. Berrion doesn't know if we should continue down this path. Elle also thinks we should leave. Thava hears someone crying saying "i couldn't save them". We decide to retreat to the village. We're confused by the markings on the trees, not sure if we're going the right direction. Balol starts making marks on trees to help us navigate. It takes us a while to backtrack, seems like the trees have moved. I don't sense any distinct magics around us. As we get closer to what we think is the forest edge, we see a large number of black birds sitting on branches. Bigger than crows. They're watching us. Thava starts speaking bird. They stay away from the forest, it's dangerous/bad. She's there. Bad person. 2 legs: sometimes human, sometimes not. Very different. She hates birds, kills them but not eats them. They were worried when we went in. They try to stop her from bringing the children in, but don't directly. Ask if we want to help them. She convinces them to help us. They don't know if she's afraid of anything. 

We retreat to the village. There are 36 ravens. One identifies as an eagle. We're walking cautiosly along the edge of the forest. We get close, and pick up the pace toward the town. We see there's a large, giant, tree in the middle of town. It's not a bone tree. It seems to be blooming green. Is it Galibark? Berion says we should stay cautious, it could be the forest playing tricks on us. We're too far from the village to hear anything. The ravens went to the tree. The ravens return, see agitated. Elle casts 'speak with animals'. They say it's a fun tree, happy or sad maybe? They saw bad person in town. They've never seen the tree before. Bad person ran. Nasty, evil looking. Pointy, sharp claws. She took child, we'll never see child again. We ask if we could intercept her, they say no. They won't attack her or try to slow her down. She drops lightning, gallelo gallelo. We ask the ravens to follow the hag and report back to us. 

We head toward the tree. As we get closer we see that the town and lots of townspeople on the ground and are massacred and clawed to death. It's all very ewww. The tree has a face, it looks like galibark kinda. It's super massive! Thava knocks on the tree and says hi. He says he's allright but he couldn't save them. It was a trick. She fooled us. He saved some people, but not all. The witch hunter was the hag. The people he saved are saved by his roots. Says they are alive. Asks how he goes back. Dr bones is deaded. Galibark is glad we came back. I head to the infirmery. I find dr bones, he's been stabbed by 4 sharp objects in the chest. He's not breathing. Balol tries to take off the mask, but it's not a mask. It's around 7pm now. No evidence of burn marks. Thava takes a bone-carving knife and bone saw from Dr. bone's corpse. 

Galibar lifts his feet very slowly, people seem safe under there. People cautiously peak out. There are 5 children there. There about 35 adults still alive. That's ~half the population. We huddle up. Hags reproduce by eating small children in order to produce a new Hag. They swallow the child whole. The smaller the child, the more likely they can reproduce. That which is born is a regular child, but as an adult they slowly turn into a hag. Elle and I go to talk to the living villagers. They saw the witch hunter come into town and into the infirmery. Seemed like she passed out from the pain. They were there for an hour or so, then they heard screams and they saw the hag poking around. Pale, dark purple skin. Long black hair going in weird directions. Simple robes, some trinkets. Large noze, vile looking. They never saw the witch hunter again. Long, long claws. There was a fight between her and Galibark. The townies think he's a hero, he thinks he failed. He took the hits for townspeople. She was focused on killing the townspeople. She snatched a baby, shouting that this is vengence for the witch hunters. She got very mad when galibar turned into a tree and she couldn't kill more. They heard the caws of birds, then it got quiet and that's the last she heard. (in the past some people made deals). 

In the fight she disappeared from sight a lot. Not sure if she was invisible or not. Don't trust the people you see, she constantly turns into outer people. We decide to name people we've met before if there are more than one of us. We decide to hunt her tonight. We leave precious in town with galintree. I put the piece of park in the hole. We see some white flower petals on the piano, kinda in the shape of skulls. We saw them near Dr Bone's butchery in the cemetary. These flowers grow around graveyards, they aren't magical. Balol says "Who was inside my hole?"

Berrion tells Galibark what we're doing. We go hunting the hag. The forest is still spookhy, but we're more confident. The birds guide us toward a hut. Thava dukes a raven a copper. We come to a swampy area. Tress are more spread out, even less healthy. There's a clearin gin the swamp with an island on it. There's a skull of a dragon in the center. As we approach we see there's a humanoid lying in the gap between the teeth of the lower jaw. It appears to be a dead witch hunter. It's an elder female. Next to her is a big ax. It's dead, very dead. Has been for hours. Balol takes the big ax (which has a skull on it). Thava kicks in the door. Inside is a circular room. Most of the hut is wood/wicker. There's a fire in the center of the room, with a cauldren in the center. Big circular rug around the fire. At the far side of the hut is a door leading to some stairs. There's a bunch of chains with hooks hanging from the ceiling with rotten corpses of animals. I investigate the cauldren. The rug disappears and I fall in a trap filled with spikes. I fell unconciuos. 

I had strange dreams while unconsious. I saw the moon glowing in a strange light, but it wasn't just glowing and it was purple this time like a gemstone. 

We're holding the rope now while berrion explores the room. Some of the shelves seem quite brittle, like there's something behind them. I use mage hand to interact with the shelves. It doesn't work, berrion comes out and tells us there's a shelf that seems hollow and may open. Elle opens the secret door, it opens to the side. It reveals stairs down. It's obviously used. It's wide enough for 2 at a time. We head down with the Berrion in front, shadow in back. I'm in the middle with Thava, Balol in the back. Actually I lost track of the order. I'm in the middle. 

We go down the stairs and see a similar floor, it's the one I fell to. There are 3 doors, one to the West, South, East. Balol opens the southern door. There's a room, the walls are covered with masks of faces of creatures. Balol sees Morg, who rushes to attack Balol. Balol realizes it's probably an illusion. He attacks the illusion and it dissapates. None of us see it. Balol starts smashing the masks with the hammer. Thava helps. One of the masks is attached to a body, resting on the side wall. The mask is a ridicule mask. The body seems dead. Berrion grabs the raven mask out of Thava's hand. I set the corpse on fire. There's also a desk in the room with some letters and stuff on it. No other doors out of this room. Thava walks over the desk. She tries to read the letters without touching them. We go back and west. There's a room filled with hooks and cleavers. The room's filled with carved up meats. There are bones in a basket. Skulls hanging from the ceiling. Vegitables spred out over the entire room. One is a rotten cabbage head. It rolls around, it has eyes on it. It asks if we're eating our potatos. It's another illusion. None of us see it. There are mushrooms in the room. It looks like a model. THere are weird bottles with viscus liquid with eyes and stuff in them. Balol opens the East room. THere's a makeshift bed with a huge wicker basket on top. Theres a cage in the corner and some funrature with a blanket over it. There's a wicker chair in the other corner, and he see's his old buddy Mendex. It's another illusion. I send mage hand to remove the blanket. Under it is a mirror. I replace the blanket. Balol removes the blanket and looks in, sees a young boy in the mirror asking for help. We all hear this. The boy says he lived at the orphanage. His name is Billy. The hag said he's too old for eating. He can be traded with other hags. He heard a baby crying, but not for long. Balol sees and enscryption. There are human bones in the basket. There's a skull of a small kobolt in the wicker basket. We put mirror boy in the hole. Berrion takes a kobolt skull. There's also a small nightstand with a coinpurse. I try to move the coinpurse and it whines, so I start petting it and it stars purring. I take 10 platinum coins out (100 gold) and put it in the hole. Balol takes the coinpurse. 

We head back upstairs. When we get there we see a circular room with 3 doors and spikes in the middle, but it's a different room. There's a person lying on the spikes. It looks like one of the witch hunters. It's a man in his mid-30s maybe, dead, with 2 long swords next him with studded leather armor. I boop his snoot with mage hand, no reaction. Thava takes the armor, and puts it on. Balal opens the South door. Inside is a very small room, like a narrow pathway kinda. There's a wooden table with a plat and cup. It's lit by a candle, but right in front of him is a cage with a big face that looks like a grotesque overgrown lion mixed with human. Has huge ears and green bright eyes. It seems to be alive, and has a vicious smile on its face. It stares at Balol intently. Balol shoots the caged that's shown no aggression. It roars in pain and rage. A spike trap retalliates and hits him for 7 damange. There are spikes on the back of the door and on the wall behind him. It speaks common, and wants to kill us. Probably because Balol shot it. Thava talks to the angry beast for a long time and gets shot for her troubles. We close that door. 