Balol - Alfonso
Elle - Margo
    speaks goblin
Thava - Sarah
Berrion - RJ

Tomb of arcelous, Lamoren's tower


Mendex: aparently dead. We met him in person (we thought). Elderly gentleman, in wheel chair, pushed around by a brute. 

Session 4

Flask appears to be crystal, doesn't seem to be fragile. Just weird with a red hue, with a swirling red mist inside it. When I look deeply into it, the mist seems to move in controlled patterns, pushing itself against the walls of the flask with some intent. Balol keeps the cloak, i take the flask. I wake Elle up. The skeleton does not have golden teeth. Heading out of the tomb. Berrion closes the tomb. We need to go to Gord cove, just south of Lannerport. We decide to camp shortly outside the graveyard. We find a nice place to stay with a rock wall we can put our back against. Protects against visibility and weather. I read the book, I see timestamps and start figuring out patterns. I block out the whispers and figure out this is the book of arkeous's notes, describing his history and deeds. How he made his family name and how he had an encounter with 3 deamons. As I try to turn the page, the whispers become screeming and i cannot continue. As long as I have the book, I have +1 to history while it's in my posessions. Berrion attunes the sword. Berrion chats with me on watch. Berrion tells me about his vision. I investigate him for magical interference, looking for evidence of necromancy. He doesn't seem to be fully alive, that his soul does not belong to him. I'm aware his race has something weird about them, but i'm skeptical and it might be necromancy. I don't learn anything about his memory loss. Clear night, no trouble

We encounter people on the road, wearing the lady necklace. Ask if they know jacob. They don't know, but we say where we met him. They do know him, he's high in their religion. I ask about lamor, they know him. They call him great and wonderful. I'm suspicious about them for necromancy. I'm attempting to read the book on Berrion's back. I feel close to push down the shouts, and they surge. The book closes on me, dealing 5 points psychic damage. We see a sign for a magic fortune telling tree. We choose to go there. There's a bridge with a gnome on it. We pass by, thaua splashes the gnome. There's a clerk at the stand, there's a big cool twirley tree a few feet away. I cast detect magic ritually. Elle goes to get her fortune told. Thava walks up to the tree to get her fortune told. Thava shakes the tree, a gnome falls out giving up their game. She literally shakes him down, demands their money. The tree has no magic. Balol asks about Immaculate Lady, gnomes call them crazy but don't know anything

We get into lavanport. Thava and Elle goes to a forge, I go to a library, Balol looks for Immaculate Lady people. Berrion goes to the tavern, the drunken Sea Ass (we saw a B on the road). I'm looking specifically for infermation on mendex: his life, his research, his great feats. But keeping arcelous and lamor in mind to see if I notice any connections. I don't find anything specific about his death, just that he was human and active 200 years ago. He can't naturally be alive anymore. I confirm that he became interested in draconic magic. I head to the tavern. 

I try the fish wine, I really don't like it. Drunken guys next to us telling story about drunken friends. Bard goes on stage, starts plucking something that seems like a lute but it's longer. He's a bit buff, but not huge. Has a soul patch. He's telling a story but we're missing it. I go to watch the bard. His story is about when he had long hair, it's short now. This world has so many hippies. He failed his physical, army wouldn't take him. War mongering king went to war with an elvish country to the south. Stalemate, meaningless, unpopular. We return to the table, there's an empty chair. The dice rolled. I find a ball and throw it, playing fetch with an invisible dog. Captain Morgana approaches, gives her dog's name as where-wolf. She's trying to give us a quest, has a skeleton crew. Thava notices they're actual skeletons. Morgana wants to send us on a quest for treasuer of arcelous. Thava speaks with the dog, confirms real skeletons. 

Song has changed, lots of people on stage with the bard. They're singing the the potato song, the well known country folk song about potatos. 