The party is leaving the hag's hut, balol is at the edge of the forest having summoned the demon. It's golmagus the red. He's curiuos why he was summoned. Balol tries to bribe the demon with the piece of the soul we have to kill the hag and return me to life. Also asks how to destroy the book. Golmagus smiles, says he could bring Rash back. It comes with a price: "Take my mark, bind your soul to mine, and I'll imbue you with power beyond mortal comprehension and make sure Rash comes back". The red mist starts to swirl, entombing balol. It's intensly painful in the back of his head. The back of his head seems to have a small wound and is bleeding, he is marked. The blessing is once per day he can grant +6 to strength for 1 minute (capped at 22), after that minute they gain 1 level of exhaustion. The curse is that Balol has 1 permanent death saving throw failure. The demon chuckles a bit, and says "He'll be back, alright". He says the hag carries 3 evil souls he could use. Asks if she has a coven, happy to hear she doesn't. He says only a divine creature can destroy the book (deity / god), or speaking its true name (the true name of Narul) can destroy it. With that name you can command it to destroy itself. True name of something gives you ultimate power over something for a single command. 

Back to the party: Nothing has changed with my body, the party all meets back up as they leave the hut. The speaker turns on and we think it's a spaceship. Balol doesn't tell them anything, asks if I'm still dead. They confirm that I'm still dead. The party can see a marking on the back of his neck. Thava asks if he got bit, Elle asks if he's always had this tatoo. Balol says it's the symbol of his temple. THe party believes the hag is still alive. Berrion checks to see if I'm alive. I'm not bleading, the acid has taken its toll. I'm not breathing, as far as they can tell I'm dead. It's like 1.5 hours back to town. The party decides to go back to town

Shortly after they hit the treeline, Berrion falls back a little from the group and pulls shadow out. Starts talking to shadow under his breath, asking for help in resurrecting me (his best friend). Not quite begging, but as close as one can get without actually doing. Recognizing that shadow is more than just a shadow, offering to pay any price to bring me back. He nods at shadow. It seems like shadow is trying to fight something, almost like he's trying to run away. He seems agitated and stressed. Berrion offers whatever freedom he can grant. He gets some sort of response, but doesn't tell the party what it was. He says to shadow "I don't know how to do that, my soul is bound to her. If there's any way for that to work, you'd need to promise me that my soul can finally go to rest". He points behind himself toward the hag's hut and says "her?". 

The party contines back to town silently, revernetly, because Rash is the most important person they've ever known. Thava is picking up random detritus. Berrion is still carrying me, as wrapped in my cloak as he can. My hand flops out from under the cloak and he thinks my hand crystal has grown, starting to engulf my forearm. He points this out to the party. Everyone thinks this is weird, berrion asks if the hag's spell worked. Elle doesn't think it worked, maybe it's just what the crystal does. Balol agrees that it probably wasn't the hag. Thava holds me, and Berrion sends shadow 30 ft up the tree to start climbing the trees. He's trying to see the sky. He looks out and sees just open air. He has shadow come to him and says "I don't understand what you mean, there's no one up here". He get's the same response from shadow. 

Elle's pretty numb about my demise, in shock. She hasn't had anyone close to her die before. The DM rolls an 80, doesn't tell us what it is. Thava has me now. More rolling is happening. Thava notices that the grass where we're walking is starting to grow more healty. She pricks hersefl and drips blood on the blade, nothing seems to happen. The party is getting closer to the edge of the forest. Berrion rummages through his bag and pulls out the blue gemstone with the immaculate lady's face on it. He holds it close to me. As it gets close to me it seems to pulsate to me, very softly. Lightly faster as it gets closer to me, almost like a heartbeat. Berrion sticks the gem in my hand. Almost immediately the crystal in my had starts grown faster, encapsulating the gemstone. It also starts engulfing me more and more, and crystal starts growing out of my wounds. There's a crack! one of the gems cracks and I start breathing. Thava asks what he did, Balol thinks we should go back to the hag to rescue the kids. Elle says the baby is gone. Balol reveals he got help from _somewhere_, giving part of his soul for my life and the hag's death. He thinks the hag is now dead. Berrion looks to shadow, raising an eyebrow and gets no response. Berrion doesn't believe that Balol's deal is what aided me. The party debates going back to see if the hag is dead, most think we need to rest. Berrion gives my body a really big hug. People think we should go back once we're rested. 

Balol says he knows how to destroy the book and reveals what he learned. Berrion asks who he made his deal with, and if they're trustworthy. Balol says he trusts the source. He confirms that's where he got the mark he lied about earlier. Berrion stops pushing.

The party arrives in town, they see galibark. The villagers have started tidying up, but they're lingering near the tree. Berrion says Thank You to shadow on the walk. As soon as they come near the tree, precious runs to us and seems really happy and hungry. They find a doctor's apprentice and ask for their aid. He hands thava a couple pills. He finds that the crystal and I have different pulses. We're going to stay the night and rest in the town. There's no info on what's going on with me here. Thava asks Galibark about it. He reaches out to me, says "It's curious. I have not seen this sort of crystal formation before. But he's alive, breating. I assume it's something like a symbiotic live form. Not sure if it's good or bad, but it's keeping me alive". 

The party is resting underneath galibark. The party gets a full rest and levels up to fifth level. I have strange dreems and here a voice whisper: "Hear. Feell Think. Awake." And I awake in camp surrounded by his friends. 

We wake up in the morning, noting bad happoned. Someone's making breakfast for everone. It's our friendly neighborhood gnome (me!). I share my experiences with the group. 

We decide to head back to the hag's hut. There's no sign of dr bones or a bone tree. We chat for a bit and head to the hut. I grab a rock. Shadow I spar. We discover some of my abilities. We get to the hut, the door is wide open. My homunculus doesn't see anyone. We head inside. Just inside is a shriveled up corpse, basically just bones covered in skin. There's protrusion on one side, like an extra sac. It's like something ripped the soul out of the creature. It had the same strucutre of the hag and the child she had eaten, both are dead. Billies mirror is shattered, next to it is bones and skin. He ded. We check on the maticore, it's also dead. The forest seemed to be recovering as we walked through it, but mainly where we walked. I ask elle if she's doing it, she is not. I give the tears of failure to Elle. Berrion took the Static Sabatons. We see that the candy room, all the gingerbread folks are smashed except the one with just one arm. That one's still standing. I try to see how it's different from a magical perspective. I think it's probably a person that was transformed. I remember it was wearing a magical amulet before. 

I send to piratedaddy. "I died but not dead, also not undead. We killed hag but Dr. bones is dead. Galibark is tree, now.  Any other guides to Al?". I get an immediate response: "What do you mean 'dead', rash? Don't know another guide in vicinity, continue on east. Al in trouble". We go back to town, let them know the hag is dead. I start reading the Fell menagerie on the way back to town. We collect precious. We head out east to try and find Al's tower. We come to a large mountain pass, it goes down in a valley and the roads are twisting around like a complete maze. The town believes monsters lives here. There are 3 options: left, center, right. The birds tell thava "Avoid right". Elle notices extremely few tracks, but the sand seems more disturbed to the left. We choose center. My homunculus is in the lead. We arrive at another left/center/right split. Thava speaks to a small burrowing animal. L/R do not shake. Right side has a pile of bird bones. We go Left. We come to another fork in the road. Thava investigates Left, sees some markings on rocks. Checks center, gets a headache. Checks right, she sees a bunch of sharp bones stuck in a mountain wall. She looses her footing and starts to sink, but pulls herself out of the quicksand. We go left. We come to an opening, in the middle is a mound of bones. Beyond it is a path, forking L/C/R. I send my homunculus to check the mound. A net flies up trying to catch it, but the H dodged. The bones appear to be mainly animal. The net is quite big, big enough to capture a large creature. We're not sure what type of creature this trap would be. Thava investigates R, there's some strange crystalization and flora mixture. I check C, I hear a rumble and I see rocks are falling at me, they smash me good. Berrion checks L, he hears a distinct cawing nearby that sounds like happy juvenile laughter. We go down the Center, no more traps. Thava's head hurts. Another split. Berrion checks L, he sees something looking at him from behind something and whistling. Elle checks the center, hears the sound of a brook and something snoring. potentially snoring. Some of the pebbles on the ground shake due to the snoring. Thava checks R, she sees nothing but her headache is gone. We go right. We get another fork in the road. Left is laughter, center is snoring, right is nothing. We go right and L/C/R. We see familiar choices. Thava gets a headache looking down the right. We go left, with discolored rocks and laughter. Elle ritually casts speak with animals. Berrion investigates my crystals, learns nothing. We go left with Elle in the way, with H and Shadow with her. 2 Kinkos (like Dr bones) come out from the rock. They speak in common. They're children and are wearing rags. They seem curious. Elle asks where they're from, they say bones and that "they're....fine". Berrion offers bone to help us through the maze. They agree to bring us to fun mystery spot. They say it's fun then laugh. Then they run off and we follow. There are small tents/huts built on the ridges of the mountain pass. It's a village of kinkoos, there's a hole in the middle that many are looking down. Berrion walks up and looks. There's a hole in the ground with a stick stuck in it floating in air. It's a about a meter diameter. Some of them jump on it and back off. Berrion tosses in a rock and it falls. He tries to grab the stick, he can't move it. He steps on the stick, it keeps floating. We ask if they know dr. bones, they don't really respond. They only really respond fun fun fun and fine to things. The point us in a direction toward all, and nod to agree to take us there. Berrion gives them a skull. They can heal us to full health. We continue on in the direction they showed us and guides us out of the mountains. 

C -> L -> L -> C -> R -> R -> L

The kinkoo leaves us, we say bye. We see a village around 2 hours away with a big tower that's probably Als. We head that way, there's no one else on the road. As we approach we see a gate to the village, it's open with someone sitting there. It's not Al, but an elderly gentleman. We don't recognize him, Balol greets him. He says "good day, axe shaft". We head in. I tell people to watch out for brain eaters. We hear the sound of people talking loudly, as if they're congregating. It sounds like happy shouts. Streets are narrow, filled with cobblestone. Small houses, no lawns. The town is called Giffen. Population 234. We head toward the congregation to see what they're excited about. "Long live the new mayor! Osborn!". There's a bunch of pepole gathered in the market square, there's a podium with someone dressed nicely on it. It seems to be the new mayor. Berrion asks what happened to the last mayor, this is their first one. He's lived here all his life. They don't remember what happened before the mayor. We're around a mile from the tower. They know of Al, he comes down to town sometimes. THe library is closed today (most of the town is except the tavern). They saw Al a few weeks ago. THey think he's in his tower. We head to the tavern. The tavern is The Adjective Noun. Al is not there. The owners are the only ones there. Rolfgord and Carla Hannison. I ask for their most least delicious beverage. They haven't seen Al for a couple days, he seemed fine. He had a buddy, the racoon. The librarian is Mini Valdwarf. The mayor is the gate opener, they don't remember who ruled before the mayor. 

Thava and I go to try and greet the mayor. He speaks platitudes at us. 

Berrion and Balol go to the gate to Als. It's a tall magical gate. It can't be flown over. Balol talks to the deaf guy, eventually he says "a monster's gonna get you". They have a drawing conversation. Deaf guy says there used to be a sherriff but he's gone. I leave a rock with an arrow pointed at the gate face-down touching the gate. We all head back to the tavern.

They said a letter came for us while we were away. Balol asks about the sherriff, they say they haven't had one for a long time. They say they got rid of the sherrif. We get an interesting letter from 'B'. 

The guys go to the library, the gals stay at the tavern. There are people walking around the library. Balol just walks in and so does Berrion. I stay outside keeping watch. The library has been almost completely emptied, only some books on the shelf. There's no magic section, it's a simple library with things like agriculture, fairy tales, sea and pirates. Religion books are missing. THere's no magic section. Berrion puts the floor books back where they belong. Balol finds some non-human hair strands that are gray/white/back. Some smudges that seem to have been made by very tiny hands. We next go to the mayor's house, there are people standing outside drinking and hanging out. There are no unobserved entrances. Balol just opens the door, they assume we're drunk. We head back to the tavern. Berrion looks around for Beryl, does not find him. Balol turns into a rat to sneak into the house and gets in. He looks for an office and a key. He finds a small bronze key that fits in a cabinate in his office. He opens the cabinate and finds 2 potions. One is a healing potion, the other is unknown. He takes the potions, and finds nothing else. We head back to the tavern. 

We all head toward bed. It's a bottled tallent. I open the window to our room and set mini-me to watch, i doff my armor and go to sleep. There's gentle piano music in the first 2 hours. We didn't see a piano. 

In the morning I remove enhanced armor, and make a wand of secrets. The inkeeper is making breakfast, says she's single. There's a tanline from her ring, but she says he left. Said a mayor is being elected today. Balol tries to run for mayor. They say Al came by a few days ago. As we step out we hear a scream/shout from the market square. 

On top of the piano in our hole is a crystal bloom, and paper torn out of a book. The book mentions a Fel Memorial. B and B go to the deaf guy, he agrees that's the monster. They ask for help: it comes and goes down the pathway that Al goes through. Deaf closes the door, but the mayor keeps opening the door. 

Someone shouting "Oh lordy he coming, don't let him bite you". The gate is open, we charge toward it. We lock the gate behind us. A letter arrived for us this morning. The pathway is open, it's mainly thick cut stone walls on the sides, cobblestone on the ground. Seems as bit dark from the walls. The tower is mainly white sandstone, it's quite wide. There's some wood structure on parts, like balconies. Some are real, some are for show / birds. There's a pattern, like a spiral. Some have doors to the interior. There's a large golden door that seems to be the main entrance. We're still a few hundred feet away. As we approach the door, we see the handle is shaped like a skeleton with a skull and flames around. There's a simple keyhole underneath it. We hear a voice from the handle telling us knock knock jokes. Thava attacks the handle. She smashes the handle, it keeps telling jokes. Thava kicks the door open. The interior is beautiful, white marble stone. Spiral stares going up. In the center of the room is a large gap in the floor, like a rift / whole caused by an earthquake. Somewhat fresh (months/years old). There's a cat on the stairs. It's well cared for, with big claws. It thinks he went down the hole. It's a spynx, maybe. There are 5 riddle cats. I ask it's riddle

If you want to solve my puzzle for the treausre my riddle is: what turns everything but does not move. Thava answers Time, that's incorrect. Clue of "take a hard look at yourself". It's a mirror. We got the letter G. They're in different rooms. This cat is named #3

I have mini-me check all the rooms/floors for sounds before we open them. We check the doors on the bottom floor. There's an alchemist's study with a cat. "The more of these you take, the more you leave behind" Steps. There's an oblisk with a button on it, it's not big and red. Balol presses the button. there's a whirring sound, then an incription appears that says "Insufficient flour" in dwarfish. We go to the second door, it's a library and there's a cat. "The more there is, the less you see". Darkness. I look for immaculate lady, there's one that refers to Weigass with lots of notes. A lot of the text says she's evil that uses fel magic to control souls, but the margin says underscored the line and wrote untrue. There's a lot in margines that asks for citations, questioning the book's authenticity. Others look for some books and snag what they want. We find a bunch of scrolls: Spiderclimb, featherfall, call lightning, gust of wind, book with 6 scrolls of deafness/blindness. 

We head up, there's a kitty. "What has six faces but no mouth, 21 eyes but cannot see". A die. There are 4 floors, bedroom is on the 3rd

On the 2nd floor there's a door with weird symbols. Like a code and it says storage. Thava draws "LIGHT" and the door opens. We find a bunch of potion resources. Red leaf clover, ruby moss, giant saliva, cloud elemental starch, fire elemental heart, ash puppy, nurses pedina, ilifid cerebral residue, unidentified meats, something labeled tears of a deva, devil's sweat, 6 dragon dandelions. I send mini-me to collect recipes that use these ingredients. The recipes are Healing Potion, Gassious Form, potion of telepathic mind (6x), potion of deafness (6x), bottled talent. After making all of these Lanner Cotton (anti petrification) and Hill Giant slime. We make all the potions that we can make


Riddle hints: 

3 1 4 2 5
G L H I T

We head to the beadroom. There's a cat. Mini me scratches. Riddle: What is stronger than god.....Nothing. The top floor is sealed, dangerous things are there. We go to this room, there are 5 statues. Each has a plaque in one hand witha word, and each has a key. Seems you need to turn the keys in order

Elf: 5
devil: ??
Giant: 9
dragon: 11
Human: 13

The door opens revealing a vault of random trinkets. There's a small box at the end of the room with a shrine. Inside is a contraption we haven't seen often, morgana had one. We find an immovable rod. We apply defness / telepathy. Use featherfall to get down the hole. It gets a lot warmer, we see light coming from beyond the pathway. There's lava flowing around. We see roderick and al, 2 portals with walking brains next to each. There's a broken shrine. One of the brains launches itself at al, but his magic circul protects them. but it cracks. We see the creature from the book in the center of the room.



Combat
Round 1
Rash: Faery fire, command mini me
Mini-mi: miss
Legendary action: Pale silver bolt attack me, it hits me but I shake it off
Berrion: Attacks the big guy
Thava: Shoots one of the brain suckers
Balol: Attacks an intellict devowerer
Legendary action: berrion hears strange music in his head, it has no effect
ID: jumps toward al and dies. Wall turns yellow and has a bigger crack
ID: moves toward the party and looks around a bit, ignoring shadow
Al: Tells us to destroy the portals
Elle: Flaming sphere
BBG: tenticle attack on shadow. tenticle attacks berrion, fails. Eyebeam toward balol
P1: spawn
P2: spawn

Round 2
Rash: Attack portal multiple times
Mini-mi: miss
Legendary attack: Rash is afflicted by appathy. Movement halfed, can only attack once, no reaction, only action or bonus action
Berrion: Attacks ID, attacks portal
Thava: Attacks a ID, uses ensnaring strike and shoots at BBEG
Balol: Inflict wounds on the BBG. Some eyestalks roll away, but then it draws in energy and sends it back at balal, he takes huge damage and an ID dies. Raises Berrion's health
ID: attacks wall, dies, wall turns red
ID: takes fire damage, attacks elle and fails. Looks really hard at elle, it has no effect
Al: destroy the portals and I'll deal with the creature, or kill the creature and the portals will disappear
LA: beems elle, she takes damage
Elle: Bashes the portal, attacks an ID
BBG: Tenticle attack on thava, miss. Spews something at thava, misses. Ray attacks elle, 
P1: spawn
P2: spawn

Round 3
Rash: Magic missle, destroy P2
Mini-mi: dodge
LA: Beems rash, no effect
Berrion: brings back shadow, attacks the closest one, kills it. Action surges. Attacks the BBEG twice, and uses his venom. Crits on second attack. 
LA: beam attacks berrion. no effect
Thava: Lightning bolt at BBEG, half damage but still big hit. It shreaks, and blasts thava back. then smacks the BBEG
Balol: out, he got sleepy
ID: Takes damage. Hits the shield, crack increases and color turns black. 
ID: Attacks Elle, tries mind thing again and succeeds. Elle takes 14 points of damage + has intelligence of 1. She can no longer communicate, she's a trump voter now
Al: I can't hold the barrior much longer, if they get to me it's all over. Destroy the portals or the creature, and the IDs
Elle: Flaming sphere damages P1. Attacks ID with club
LA: all but Elle can no longer see the creature. We forgot where it is, if the BBEG is here
BBEG: tenticle attacks thava, hits and grapples. tenticle attacks Berrion, hits and grapples. Bites thava, hits. 
P1: Takes damage
Al: seems confused, asks why we're here

Round 4
Rash: magic missles the portal, it explodes
Mini-mi: move + dodge
Berrion: Breaks grapple, tries to move, is re-grappled
LA: Beam at Rash, i feel ants in my armor and want to take it off but resist
Thava: one failed death saving throw
ID: runs, gets attacked and dies
ID: jumps into shield, dies but shield breaks
Al: WTF!?
Elle: Heals thava with a potion
LA: Beam at me. My armor feels heavy, i am restrained. I have disadvantage on all attacks
BBEG: bites at berrion, hits. Shoots ray at thava, she falls again. Shoots ray at elle, does nothing. It screams again. Berrion and Rash can still no longer see the creature

Round 4
Rash: I strengthen my armor. I turn to stone, but the crystals on top of me are still glowing. Backpack is still available. 
Mini-mi: moves
LA: Beams mini-mi, pushes it into the lava. it sinks giving a thumbs up. It's gone
Berrion: Blessing of the raven queen away, digs into my backpack and pours the anti-petrification over Rash. Rash recovers from petrification and restraint
LA: Beam at Berrion, hits him with apathy
Thava: failed saving throw
Al: I know you, i won't let you be harmed. Summons a sphere around elle and thava
Elle: Shoves thava's healing potion down her throat. Moves the sphere 
LA: 
BBEG: Sends several beams out, does nothing. My armor starts itching, i must take it off next action dropping my spell focus. Sings, all but the dummy fail

Round 6
Rash: Removes my armor and drops my relvolver (all spell foci)
LA: Beams Al. Something hit him and he seems sluggish
Berrion: tries to shake off the charm, fails. 
LA: Beams berrion, fails
Thava: Takes cover
Al: chats
Elle: moves the flaming sphere into BBEG and hurts it
BBEG: moves. rays berrion, nothing happens . rays rash, nothing happens. rays al, nothing happens. Sings. Thava and Rash fail

Round 7
Rash: I slam a healing potion into Berrion's throat
LA: Beams Rash, I feel heavy again. I am restrained
Berrion: Attacks, "How would you like to do this, feel free to remove as many tenticles as you want". Shadow jumps up and 2-hand cleaves this fucker in half. He explodes



All of us see the corpse, our memories all come back. We underand what happens. As berrion cuts it in half, we see him standing over the corpse and heaving. Somethig in his face, we see a tear. Everyone has a tear in their eyes. Right next to the creature is person. We remember our friend: red of skin, horns obsidian black, purple dress. Usually happy, making cracking jokes and awarding inspiration. It's our friend, Bloma. She was eatened by the creature, but we had forgotten about her. She had been there all along, but we remember that all memory of someone eaten fades. There's a short moment of silence. She'd been with us all along, but we forgot her. We traveled with her for a long time, even back in the tower with laymoren. There was a fourth not, that she had. Everytime an inkeeper said we have room for 6, it was her, every time there was an empty chair, it was her. The letters we've been receiving in town were from her. The bard that had been there all along. In the hole we found a booklet that Blooma was writing. 

Al's memory returns, Elle's intelligence is back. 

THus ends the campaign...for now...
