Balol - Alfonso
Elle - Margo
    speaks goblin
Thaua - Sarah
Berrion - RJ


We choose to go to the tomb of arkeous, a 2 day journey to the NE. Eating "delicious" dried meat and stale bread. We chose a normal pace. There are monster spottings nearby, we are aware of this. The town is worried there hasn't been contact with the capital. Foliage is dried up, but further away we get the greaner it gets (gradual), with more wildlife. Tower seems to be the epicenter of the badness, suggesting necromancy maybe? I'm vaguely aware spells can do that

We saw some racing orks, they just ran past us. We heard something in the bushes, but ignored it. We saw some white smoke, decided to head toward it. The trees are thick, but we came up on some farmland with vegitables. We see a cabin in the distance, we don't see anyone near it. Thaua tries to steal a vegitable. I stop her. Balol looks around, sees some footprints. We spot a tall creature in the distance wearing overalls. He makes potatoes to become strong. He's very big, but he's not a giant. He's a magic vegitable man. He likes potatoes. He eats them to be strong. I realize it's probably a golem, it takes a powerful wizard to make these. Golems are frowned upon by witch-hunters. Name is Caliban. There's a bookshelf with children's books, one about the grand potatoes. Book by lemor, he's called the Master by Caliban. I found scrolls for Earth Tremmor and Enhance Ability. The night is calm

We find a fork in the road. We're going east, there's one that goes south, one north, one continues east. Lennorport city is nearby, where we met mendex. We turn North. We make a camp. We make a fire and have potato soup. I heard a wolf at night, told the group. The wolf tried to steal our food, we successfully got the food back and went back to bed. We realize it was an alpha dire wolf, which should be with a pack. We cautiously approach the tomb. We get to what seems like  a graveyard. Lots of nice stonework, handcrafted and not magical. The lot is overgrown, not maintained. There's an archway that's the tomb of arkeous. The gravestones say occupations. Their dates range over several hundred years. 

I use detect magic and head in to the tomb. Very fine stonework, lots of gates blocking smaller tombs for family graves. We spiral our way down the tomb. We light torches on our way down. Come to a pitch black wall, it's a spell. We don't feel any way to insert the stone. We do the macarena and the door opens. We see a sarchofagus and see a lid. Intricate stone coffin slab. No text beyond his name. Stone slab is not magic. A reaper appears. I trap it with magic of the key and balol defeats it. We open the tomb. There's a skeleton in a rich green cloak. He has a longsword, a book, and the flask. The book hurt Balol, Elle casts detect magic. Berrion takes the sword, his eyes blank out. I shine my light at him, it has no affect. He keeps the sword, using potatoes as a scabbard. Elle grabs the flask, Mist is coming out of the coffin and is under the flask and we heard a crash. It starts falling, elle is passing out from the trap. Balol and Thaua catch it. 