Balol - Alfonso
Elle - Margo
    speaks goblin
Thava - Sarah
Berrion - RJ

We wake up well rested! We're heading NW toward the mines, it'll take like 2 days to get there. I go investigate the big boom sticks that drove away the dragon. The ship has 6 floors. One of the decks has ports with the huge iron cylindars. They have "gunpowder" that they can ignite to shoot. It's not magical. It can be mixec with other elements to change colors. I ask to train with them, and learn the basics of how to use gunpowder for both guns and fireworks. 

There's another adventuring party. They picked a quest to check out the fishing village. Blond human paladin, red head elf ranger, brown haired hafling wizard, human druid with unkempt hair. 

There are many, smaller boats (4 others). Larger are for combat, smaller are for cargo. The admiral and morgana can see wearwolf. We head back to our room, berrion snaps his fingers, we see a gray image of him (echo). It's cool. We trade the abilities we learned. Berrion sees an orb over Thava none of the rest of us can see it, and can't detect it with magic. We decide to look for any mages that can see invisiblity. I gain the ability to see invisibile things and into the etherial plane. It looks like a billiard ball. We throw me up and I'm hanging off it. It's slightly cold, seems metal. We head to pirate daddy to ask questions about it. We hear voices through the door. The admiral is smiling, looking happy until he looks at thava. He leaps toward thava, who dodges out of the way looking angry. He crushes it in his hand. We were being scried on. I destroy the spear with fire. 

I ask morgana if there's a way to train magic. They have a bigger boat where people can do that. Maybe one day we can go there.

I help elle in the library. She's looking for info about the mine. We learn abuot the type of creatures that may be there and some of its history. adamantiumis very heavy, armor and weapons are better against material objects (buildings/stone/wood). Great for seige weapons. Creatures in these mines are like bats, ant kings (big ants). We also buy 2 heath potions, have 150 gold. 