The battle has settled. Some of the corpses have paint appearing on their forehead. I try to understand what it means (it's from beryl). The shaman's hut was investaged, found a potion of healing, potion of alchemy fire, and a potion of heroism. I take none of these. One of the orcs is very wounded but still alive, can barely stand. They don't know if more wolf men coming now, they saw more up north. They only saw one flame claws, but not more. The wolves have dispersed. Galibar suggests the grove to sleep, he wants to make sure people are safe. We head to the grove, we get some shortcuts and get to the grove quicker than expected. Beryl did not follow, he wanted to return to they fay relm. The gate closes when the full moon ends. 

We make it to the grove and Galibar lets us in. Inside we can see the sky, outside it looks like a stone structure. Some of the elves are in their dream state. The orcs set up camp in a section of the grove, Galibar is going to stay up. Most stay in galibar's space. Berrion and I sleep out with the orcs and go to bed. We do not set a watch. Orkavich also stays up all night. 

Thava argues with our hosts about meat based diets. She fails at hunting game. Elle and Berrion have a chat. Galibar notices feathers, looks like corvid feathers. I take a few off to the side and start casting detect magic ritually on them. Balol chats with Galibar. No magic on the feathers, berrion takes the feathers. Raven queen sent a message to Berrion. He got a vision of what's actually happening up north. Goodkeep is under attack by these wolves + winged demonic creaturs. The walls are under seige by an army. Elle says the fortress is built for seige. Berrion is offended by Thava's lack of god beliefs. We think we should figure out how to heal, and look into helping goodkeep. 

Message: Orcs and elves at peace. Fell Lycanthrope defeated, many orcs died. Some of us were bit. Can you help? Goodkeep under seige by fell army

Response (from pirate daddy directly): Get to port, ship will meat you. bring all surivers with you if willing. do not let bit people leave group, bring to ship. DO NOT OPEN BOOK. 

We discuss. We decide to go to pirate daddy. Galibar is going to join. No one else was bit. Elle examines the hurt orc, he doesn't seem to be bit by red claw. Orcavich doesn't want to leave. We gather and head to the port. Only us and galibar go, the orcs have left the grove. We get out of the forest just fine. The forest basically helps us under the influence of 2 druids. We hear a voice from behind: the entire orc community joins us. 

We take the road to the post. There are 18 people with us (11 orks, galibar, our party). We're scouting ahead of the orcs. We see 4 figures approaching on the road in the distance. Shadow is summoned, he says 'thanks' to shadow. On person is leading, 2 are restraining the 4th. They're all wearing crimson cloaks, mixed armors (one's leather, one has a breastplate with a rank insignia). These appear to be witch-hunters. The restrained person has been beaten and battered. He has a scruffy beard. The prisoner appears to be Gabrial. He's going to be executed. 


Battle:
Round 1
I prepare fire hands and say "stop hitting him"
The captain draws his sword, says "stand down"
The guard prepares to fight, but does not attack
Thava uses psionic mind, gabrial shakes his head twice. thava sighs
The second guard gets up, but fumbles his spear drawing it. He seems younger and inexperienced
Elle tries to talk people down, it fails
Balol tells them to free Gabrial, they say no
Berrion summons shadow and has him tap the guards on the shoulders. He says "he comes with us", the younger guard drops his weapon. The older steps back spooked, no one is holding gabrian
Gabrial tries to shake loose from the chains but fails
Galibar doesn't want bloodshed, he can hold someone though

Round 2
I cast magic missile and breaks the chain, I tell galibar to restrain the captain
The captain attacks me, takes me out
The sword guard tries to push gabrial to the ground, succeeds. Gets on top of Gabrial
Thava tries to hit the guards, misses both
The second tries to pick up his spear but trips and falls
Elle casts hold person on sword guard, paralyses him
Balol heats the metal of the captains's breastplate, it starts glowing bright red. His cloak starts smoking. Balol yells surrender or die
Berrion attacks the guard, non-lethally, via shadow. It looks like shadow was trying to cut the guard in half, but at the last second changes to a pommel strike, knocking the guard out. Berrian says "he leaves with us" again
Gabrial stands up and tries to kick the captain in the face, but misses because the captain is rolling in paint
Galibar summons vines and grasps at the captain

Round 3
I have a saving throw
The captain calls for mercy, drops his weapons
Thava continues her path to becoming a murder hobo, says "did you give that little girl mercy" then hits the spear guard while he's down with non-lethal damage
The second guard is down
Elle cures my wounds on me, giving me 7
Balol kicks the swords away 


Combat ends. 

Gabrial doesn't want to kill. The guards are just kids. I hand the swords to gabrial. He says "remember that mercy can be more powerful". The captain faints. Berrion checks on the guards, they're stil alive. We ask what happened. We chat with gabrial. He was stationed in small town. The little girl was really interested in magic, the other witch-hunters arrived. She talked to them and mentioned LeMorian. They started roughing her up, so Gabrial stepped in and defended her. He's a good bloke. 

We take their boots, we leave their weapons or armor. We take 20 gold from them. We set an alarm around them. 

Thava carasses gabrial. Balol leaves the sleeping cake with the guards. We tell Gabrial about pirate daddy, and invite him along. He doesn't think people are looking for him, but we change his clothing and remove his manicals. He's armored but unarmed. 

We continue to the port, and now we are 20 strong. In the distance we see a hut that wasn't there before. Shadow is now hovering a foot off the ground. We see a cabin saying where the faries fly. There are giant chicken tracks behind it. We decide to skip the hut, but the door opens. A humanoid comes out, he has furry legs. They're hooved. He has tiny horns. It's a fawn. I give him my name. Then we go on without it

We set up camp within sight of the road. It's a communal camp. We set up our normal watch. There are some flowers on top of the piano, sleeping flowers. I start playing the piano. Elle comes up to me and slams the shutters close, i wasn't playing well

[meta] Cultists have come to small village. They've been pushing people around, acting agressive. The little girl is friends with the Necromancer LeMoran. LeMoran studied under Al. Little girl went to LeMoran's tower, Gabrial doesn't know how she got in. Her uncle was missing for a few days. She ran off to the tower, probably. Gabrial says she's not possessed or hollowed or cursed or divine. She was very pure, closer to celestial than possessed. 

I'm awoken by a small shake, vibration in th sending stone. The voice tries to sell me insurance. I scream at it and go back to bed. 

RJ does spooky things. We complete a full night's rest
