Morning comes, we completed our full night's rest. We were one big happy camp. No scary hut we can see, seems like a nice peaceful morning. No other travelers on the road. We ditched the boots/helmets. "We expect to arrive in port this afternoon", We'll see pirate daddy's ship and banner. Thava tries to teach precious tricks on the way to the port. She fails miserably. 

Berrion sees a silvery orb hovering over Balol. He tries to attack it, but misses. He keeps swinging, and destroy's it. Balol asks gabrial what he knows about scrying. He doesn't know much. There is magic that could trace the scry back to its owner. We tell Gabrial that pirate daddy is our employer. The witch hunters may have ways to report magically. 

We expect to get 500 gold for a successful quest completion. 

We make it to the port in the afternoon. We see pirate daddy's ship in the port. Margo roasts Sarah about how many languages she speaks. Town sees normal. We head straight to the ship. Balol says he knows dwarfs in town, he and Elle go in to town to prepare them for the incoming orcs. 

I'm planning to learn See Invisibility. Balol and Elle come back and tell us we need to go straight to the boat. He bouth something with a gold ring. We head in with the orcs and go to pirate daddy's boat. There are rivalries between dwarfs and orcs. We get a few looks in town, but no one's stoping us or paying us too much heed. 

We get to the ship. There's a gangway up to the ship, people on the boat recognize us. I'm in the lead on the way up the gangway with Berrion. Balol and Elle are behind us. Thava walks behind the orcs. that order is wrong, i'm not bothering to write it again except Berrion and I are still in the lead. The gangway is a bit wobbly. Prescious knocks Elle, Me and Berrion on the ground as he rushes up to great _something_. We hear Morgana, she greats us. She's in a good mood. Her mom is visiting. Her mom is a chef, a pastry cooker. She's not a magic user. 

Pirate daddy joins in his regal attire. He brought some clerics. Berrion tells pirate daddy that we were scried on the walk back and he broke the orb. Balol asks if you can trace the spell back to the owner. His quartermaster has a reverse scryer that could find who's on the other end. Reverse scryers are very rare, you could maybe get one in a magic shop in a major city. Probably costs around 400 gold. There are also magical items that can block scrying, but they're very rare. 

I tell pirate daddy that we completed the mission. We tell him who was bit, he pulls in the gangplank and says we can't let a potential infection spread. The healers cannot heal the max health damage issues. They say it must be fell magic. They examine those that are bit. They don't _think_ it's Lycanthropy. I chat with the healers about the wolf-men's deaths. I tell them that regular wolves killed the wolf men. They think these were most likely not Lycanthropes, but some other bestial being. The wounds are beyond them. 

Pirate daddy has informants in Elle's family's region (Goodkeep). They family is sending soldiers to one of the border fort. 

(Rashik doesn't know this part) Berrion pulls pirate daddy aside, and recaps his vision. He finds out that pirate daddy has dealt with creatures from the abyss and the Fell. The beasts we fought sound similar. Pirate daddy seems to be sweating a bit and he looks more pale than normal. He doesn't want somethign happening on the material plane again. He likes this place and will help us fight it. He has some guests on board making him nervous. His wive's employer is a bit excentric. It's Titania the arch fey, queen of the summer court of the fey. Berrion offers that pirate daddy can hang out with us if he wants to avoid his wive/employer. He does have a quest for us, but Berrion wants to go to Goodkeep. Pirate daddy asks about the sword. 

Balol did something with the book. I let the group knows pirate daddy knows about the book but not that we've read it. Pirate daddy asks about Al. I mention there were Intellict Devowerers, Pirate daddy is concerned. We learn that Roderick (the racoon) was a double agent supposed to protect Al.

Balol summons the main team to our rooms to tell us a secret about the book. He reminds us that Roderick was sent to find the book. The book is no longer in the hole, but it's still with us. The book is now 'hidden'. Balol says the priest told him that Berrion's powers are bringing him to the 'dark side'. The party is mostly not happy with him for unilaterally hiding the book. He tells us it puts us in a hammer. We have no way to access the book now, I am sad. Balol does not trust the admiral. Thava recommends talking to Morgana, we invite her to our room. 

We tell her that pirate daddy asks us to look for a book at Al's tower, a book with a face on it. She's heard talk about a scary looking book, very dangerous. Back in his day, he and his pals stole it from a demon. The demon The Lost Daughter. He said to "Never insult the Lost Daughter", the demon who cursed him. All those that stole the book were cursed, including Al. A total of 4 people, Al + Pirate Daddy + Griselda + Isimgrim. Each had a different curse. Her dad's curse is he can't go on land. Thava asks for any other info on the book. Pirate daddy was scared to talk about the book. He doesn't want to talk about his experience there. There's a statue of Griselda made of solid gold, rumor is that it's actually her. It's supposed to be on the Archaelous family estate. The estate is on the southern border between the capital and goodkeep. Elle asks about Morgana's mom. Her mom is on vacation, Morgana is about that. Morgana says the employer is an arch fey of the fey wild, very eccentric but fun to be around. Her mom is strict with her cooking. Her mom lives in the fey wild. Morgana grew up in the material and fey planes. 

Thava flirts with a bunch of people. I missed a bit because I stepped away. Ah, she's talking to Galibar. I'm not sure if we're all still together or how many people fit in this room.

We got 500 gold from the completed quest. I learn See Invisibility.

The notes we found from Al say somethign was always above watching him. Could be the scrying thing that we've seen?

Dinner's over, Let's chat with Titania. She's retired for the night, we can greet her in the morning. I head to bed. 

(I'm not here) Thava stays up to train precious and smoke with Morgana + Galibar. Precious knows the command to lay down now. Galibar speeks highly about Titania, he's already met her. She's very impressive. 

Ballol tries to visit Berrion in the night, but there's no response and the door is locked. 

Morning comes, we go get breakfast. Ballol tells berrion he tried to visit. Morgana has a better breakfast than ours, very cute and made by her mom. 

We go to meet Titania. Clear sky, nice morning, light breeze. At the end of the deck there's a table and a tent with some people around it. One of the people is sitting in a large armchair, she's much larger than anyone else. Her hair is rolled up into twin braids that go straight up then back, the braid columns are like the size of a human. She's like 10 foot tall, but sitting right now. Pirate daddy is also there, standing near her. Morgana introduces that. Titania introduces herself, she rhymes. She says she's tired of my fire :(. Thava tries to put me in the hole to play the piano but doesn't warn me, so I struggle and don't do it. She can read our future, there are 3 cards: one that reveals a treasure, one that reveals an ally, one that reveals a doom. Balol just leaps in and chooses Doom. We all take our cards. Our fate will be sealed. 

One card (not mine) tells of an artifact. Hidden below an estate, a house of great fame fallen in shame. Two heirs fighting, but there's danger. Find perelous tunnel where speaking is silver and silence is gold.

Next card (not mine) tells of ally. Elf with hardend collect, has bark. His face is contorted with thoughts of loss. Ease his pain and gain and ally. 

Three sources from a place most vile, held in traps. Be wary to release them, they were made from fell. If we want to know more, see a wisend person to know more. Our ally's quest begins now, beneith a mighty tower

Card 3 (not mine, balol's): Card is very bad, coming our demise makes her sad. Owner sees us, our fates are now entwined with the demon Lost Daughter

Thava asks about Lost Demon. It's one of the lords in the abyss. She's very interested in fell magic and soul manipulation. She cursed Pirate daddy. It's unfortunate we are entwined with the demon. But don't worry, he's still alive (or around). 

I tell pirate daddy that I read the book. It's one of 2, Lost daughter has the other. The one we have is a decifer, both are needed to use fel magic. The Lost Daughter can now track me and Thava, and will probably send minions after us. Lost daughter is in the abyss. 

Lost daughter may have enemies. Likely those on the side of good. 

You can make contracts with trapped demons, but releasing them makes it so they don't need to share their power. Freeing them is probably bad. Demons operate on power heirarchy. Berrion's sword can hurt demons, not to trap. You'd need artifacts of legendary power to trap them.

Ownership of a soul cannot on its own protect it from fell magic.

Divine power could potentially counter Fell, but very little is known about Fell magic. Al knows the most about it, but his memory is weak. He may have students he taught. 

Pirate daddy says the book should be destroyed. He doesn't want to keep the book, considers it too dangerous. Balol confronts PDdy about sending Roderick to spy on The Fetcher. No idea why he wants the book. The Fetcher cannot be found, he finds you. 

Unknown if subsequent openings of the book are dangerous. We should keep the book moving while we don't know how to destroy it. He says it'd be safe on the boat. Magic circle that confines demons _could_ stop her, but we don't know what magic could do that. 

In theory portable holes help keep the book safe. She might not be able to track the book if its in a different plane than the one who last read it. 

History of book is unknown. How to destroy it is unknown. They've tried everything they thought of. 

PDdy suggests we leave the book in a circle on the ship for protection. 

Als memory only declined in the last 40 year. His curse is not known to PDdy. Isimgrim's curse might be paranoia and haunted by visions of his death. Griselda had a fondness of gold, so she probably turned into gold (the statue we heard of). 

We talk about calling the archivist. 

Titania isn't a big fan of ancient dragons. 

We ask the archivist "Show us when the book that is cipher for fell magic was imbued with its power to resist damage". We invite PDdy to see what we get from the archivist. He says he wants to know more, so we head to his quarters to privately call the bear. 

LEVEL UP!

They haven't heard back from the group that went to the village where people went missing. Rumor has it there's a red mist went throuh the town and everyone's dead