Balol - Alfonso
Elle - Margo
    speaks goblin
Thava - Sarah
Berrion - RJ

Twilight Tomb (Blue): in slot 4

The Bloody Book (red), Treasure Tomb (blue), Quantum Column (black), The Doom Diary (white), Cursed Column (black), Death Diary (white)

QC: X 0 X X
BB: 1 X X X
TT: X 0 X X
TW: X 0 X 1
DD: X X X X (d00m)
CC: X X 1 X
DD: 0 1 0 0 (death)

Thava sticks BB in slot 1. It works! We try a few more, no dice. I ritually detect magic and look around the room. Slots and books inside are magic. Cursed column is magic. Doom diary is not magical. I put cursed column in slot 3, it fits! We leave the library and go into the next room, (kid's room)? Berrion picks the lock and we poke our heads in. The scent is foul and rotten. There's a large bedroom, a hung figure hung in the room. I detect no magic. There's a desk at the side with a jewlery box. It is a note from mrs arcelaous condemning her husband for becoming a monster and turning her into one. Balol finds some jewlery and a magical white book. Berrion opens the wardrobe, there's some coats in there. Under the bed is a box with a magic ring. I start re-upping my detect magic and Balol starts identifying the ring. Berrion notices the dimensions of the wardrobe don't make sense, seems too small. It's a ring of salt that prevents possession. Elle puts it on. Elle also finds a picture frame with a tear in it. 

End of the hall has a note hanging on it. I peak into the next room. There's a puff of dust from the door and a clicking sound. The hinges groan painfully. It's a child's room with a bed and a chest with toys, a big toy ship (like a doll house). The toy boat seems magical. The room smells rotten, but not as bad as the parents room. There are dolls in the boat. The dolls look like us. There's a staircase behind the wardrobe in the miniture. There's a small pale spectoral boy looking at the boat. It's definitely the boy arceleaus. There's a monstor below. He recognizes the sword of arceleaus. We decide to leave morgana, the animals, and the ghost behind. We attempt a long rest. I take first watch and attempt to attune the Orb of Arceleus. There's lightning and thunder, and some rasping sounds toward the outside of the boat. We fail the long rest and I am cursed. Berrion puts the book in and a staircase opens. We head down. I'm in the lead. I feel colder and colder as we go down. It's a lot colder, but we hear humming sound (mechanical). We come to a large wooden door, more like a hatch. It seems to have frost on it. 

I knock on the door, it echos. I push it open. A cold chill emits. I see a white mist, it's chilly. In the room we see a large metalic structure on the floor that rises up and connects to a huge blue crystal in the center of the room. It's making the humming sound, pulsing. Small skeleton next to it. Room occupies the entire bottom floor. To the west there is a iron door, covered in ice. There's a large icy structure behind the crystal. I walk up to the crystal, it feels warm. It's untouched by the ice. There's a humanoid with a shield of ice, and another creature punching into the shield. Both are covered in ice. The horned creature looks like the blue demon. The human is elfish, holding a mace and pristine armor. The crystal is evocation magic. Elle opens the door, there's just a hallway there. 

We hear barking and hoo-ing, and balol says nobody leave. He speaks as if a child, morgana says the kid ran into him. We try to put the ring ring on balol, he resists. We salt balol, it ends the posession. Elle tries to run into the ghost, it misses. We leave the room, making the ghost child cry again. 