Balol - Alfonso
Elle - Margo
    speaks goblin
Thava - Sarah
Berrion - RJ

We head back down to the crystal room. Morgana thinks the crystal is propulsion, she didn't know that but it's awesome and she's happy she gets the boat. Morgana's father can find the direction to her. We decide to.....we hear the entire boat shake, a screaching roar. Water comes pouring in. We hear a voice say "I smell you". A huge yellow eye peers in and mist is pouring in. We make it to the staircase. It's icy and covered in mist. We latch a rope up and climb up the stairs. We're now approaching the master bedroom. It's deadly cold, there's a ghastly figure of a man pacing the room with scornful eyes. A woman staring at herself in the mirror. They appear alive in the flesh. Bouts of silence and exploding rage, shouting at each other. The doors have been replaced by scyth blades. I cast magic missle trying to break the blade at the one and succeed, we run through the door. We see the ghostly visage of the kid at the door of his room. His face has changed and is grotesque with tentrils. All of us are terrified of this visage and cannot go past it. Thava kinda burps on it, breaking its hold on us. The armor is now in our way with their spears out. Balol trips the armor and we make it past. We go up the stairs to the second floor (with the kitchen). We keep running up. There's a bang, we see the snout of a white dragon bashing his head, trying to bite us. Balol tries to shoot a magical bolt, the breath pushes it back so balol shoots into our tiny missed hole. We go too the wolf room, they're now alive. We throw a shrunken head to the other side of the room, but it doesn't distract the wolves. They're confused, they want the head but they're now on edge. They're all in the corner and we sneak past. We're now at the other staircase. The foyeur before the stairs shows that the iron gate is twisting and bending. The doors behind us slam shut. We hear ominous thunder. The bottom 3rd of the exit is iron bars, growing into a barrior. The wood is melding into ropes of rusty iron. More of the door is being covered. A fetid cloud of filth and stench rolls in, making our eyes water. The walls seem brittle and rotten. Rats are crawling all over us. I ask the rats to clear a path through the room for us. It just scares them away and they dispurse. We run toward the gate. Morgana asks if we're with the dragon. There's a thunderous roar and the dragon screams and tries to fly away , but hits the water several times before getting awain. We keep running. The mist is contorting and making vortices, we can start to see. At the edge of the boat is a bigger boat (like 2 stories higher). There appear to be gangways connecting the boat. We run toward the new boat. As we run up the plan, the mist becomes like a hand and grabbs barrion's foot pulling him back. The iron bands are dragging him back onto the sinking ship. The boat sinks, there's no sign of Berrion. The mist is so heavy it's hard to make out anything. There's something floating in the water, people are throwing in nets. Someone pulls up a creature seen in the water, they pulled up berrion. He's unconcious. Elle casts cure wounds. Berrion wakes with no eyes. He backs away looking terrified. I tell him he's missing his eyes, he didn't know. He doesn't know what happened. 

The ship has many cannons that drove the dragon away. IT's a large and fully staffed ship, many races. Some look like spellcasters (holding different books / focuses / staffs). They look exhausted. Some of them look similar to morgana's skeleton crew. All appear to be humaniod, speeking mostly common. Ship has metalwork, but we can't see it well. We see someone standing next to morgana with a red beard and black hair. In fine clothing. Very poised, looks in 40s/50s, but not graying. It's probably pirate daddy (conrad barionious). There's a tall elf wearing specticles. He's disciplining morgana, saying she endangerd sgtrangers without permission. Hunted down a ghost ship, he could have told her about it. She gets sent to her room, dinner's in an hour. She sulks away, seeming disappointed in herself. We can take rooms to clean up and rest. I lend pirate daddy the lens to see through the mist. We're led to rooms as guests / refugies. I lead Berrion to the room. We skip our short rest because we learned we're about to level up. I keep practicing my light cantrips trying to make them light again. 

There's a knock on our door, dinner's in the dinner room. The nice dinner room, the captain's dinner room. It seems like a warship maybe, but it's large and has lots of decorations on the walls. The dining room is large and like an office with a table to fit all of us. THere are bookshelves, a chandaleer, a desk at the end of the room. A large table that can sit 16. Very posh. Many potatos. Wine and rum. There's fruit we don't recongnize. Lots of fresh baked bread, we see pirate daddy sitting with morgana in the center. She's in a more subdued coat similar to her father's. We hear gnawing of bone and a bowl next to her. Berion asks for eye patches. Balol asks about what we encountered. Boat was owned by arceleaus. It's not a name he's heard in a long time. It went missing after he died. Back then it was known that it was missing. he encountered it before, a century ago. It was clearly haunted. It can happen when there's an unwanted child that dies with a lot of magic around it. Darker forces will try to take over it, they're drawn to it. He saw a dragon following us. I ask how cannons work, he will show me. There are rumors that mrs arcelaous had an affair and pele was unwanted. Rumors that the whole family was practicing darker arts. The ship is headed to an even bigger boat. We mention the demon on the ship. Pirate daddy goes and picks up a different flask of liquer and explains that he knew the famil a long time ago. They stopped being friends when arcelaous got obsessed with demonology and the abyss. He achieved imortality. Two of his teath are much longer, like fangs. I see that berion can hand things back and forth between people. Pirate daddy says the blade berrion has seems dormant. He says the blade hungers for demonic blood. We have no idea how to recover the sunken boat. Pirate daddy would be interested in finding that out. 

Pirate daddy asks if we're employed. I ask what kind of tasks he has people do. There's a per-diem of 2 gold / day. There's a small fishing village where pepole are disappearing. There's no direct reward posted, it depends on what we find and what the danger is. There's a quest about clearing an adamantium min, it would reward weapons and aromor. 

Berion asks about the witch hunters. They don't interact with each other. 

Pirate daddy has a contact that some barron is obsessed with a mirror. He's giving a favor to look in to that mirror. The payment is 600 gold pieces for our team. that's minimum pay for just discovering what the obsession is, but could be more if there's more danger. He's also interested in buying information if he doesn't already have it. Not particularly interested in the witch hunters. As we take out items, it's all rusted and ruined. The jewlery isn't destroyed if picked from skeletons. Money and gold and gemstones are fine. 

Pirate daddy is a vampyre. Morgana is vampyre-esq. Vampires are usually hunted, but they get powerful if they live long. Often ruling. They're cursed. They charm people to make them do what they want, we don't seem to be charmed. They're often angry at the world, but not always evil. 

We vote on what to do next. We vote to go to the adamantium mines (other choices are demon mirror / disappearing villigers). I take the sending stone. 