We go to chat with Galibar, to see if he knows where his cousin is. We also ask if he's coming with us, he's coming to help however he can. He proposes to bring a small group of elves with him, leaving most at the grove (like 4-5 elves). He doesn't know where Tiranna is, but knows she's still in the forest. He fears she might have gone to 'deal' with the elves on her own. We decide ot head to the orcs quickly. 

 Balol and Elle chat about Orcs on the way. As we walk, the paths in the woods make way for Galibar. The animals seem to respect him. Galibar asks how we want to approach the village. We want to go straight in. We hear a faint scream coming from ahead about 1.5 hours of walking, Elle hears it's an adult. Balol and Thava run off, the rest of us pick up our pace. Some of the trees have been forcefully moved aside and broken. There are vines hanging off the trees, humanoid figures are hanging in a bloody mess. They're orc corpses, unconsious or dead. On a big rock there are a couple orcs, including probably a child. There's a wolf between Tiranna and the child. She's on her knees, in agony, covered in vines. The wolf appears to be guarding the child, isn't currently attacking. 

Balol rushes forward. Thava rushes forward and casts speak with animals and asks "what's going on". The wolf replies "stay away". Says elf lady killed friends and is bad. Balol tosses his weapon and shield to the ground, says in orc "I can help the kid" 

The rest of us arrive, i yell to galibar: "the hell's she doing? stop her!". Some elfish screaming happens, Tiranna says she cant stop it and stay away. The wolf sees the rest of us and gets defensive. Balol starts prayer of healing. Galibar says she's lost control. Al helped last time. Said Al spoke a word that calmed him. We don't know what Al might have known, says see to the boy. I attack her vines with fire, it starts spreading. 

Balol kills Tiranna. Galibar tries to heal her, but she's dead. Berrion tries to apologize. Elle heals the orcish boy. He asks about the wolf, who is dead. He says Tiranna attacked without provocation. He's speaking in orcish, so I don't understand. His name is orcsend (but I don't know this). 

We proceed to the village with the with Thava carrying the boy. 3 of the other elves brought Tiranna's body back to the grove, Billy the Shelf stays with us. On the way I cast Eagle's Splender on Elle, giving her advantage on charisma checks. Galibar doesn't know when a new avatar will be chosen. He'll be the lone avatar for now, expects that he's probably weakened but doesn't know or feel it. 

We decide to approach directly with the boy. Some of the trees around the village hasve beeen cut down, and we can hear additional forestry work going on. There are some homes buying built, they're also fortifying the village. A group of orcs approach us, we recognize some of them. Orcavich is with them. Balol starts talking to Orcavich in orcish. Orcavich tries to get Orcsend to come to him. We return Orcsend to Orcavich. We head into the village to chat, the orcs are surrounding us and guiding us into the village. They put up a big tent in the center of the village, made out of animal skins. He says the shaman cannot understand common, but could revive someone (he's probably boasting). 

Orcavich says they were driven out by wolf-men with burning hands. An old orc approaches, their shaman. Wearing a red-wolf cloak/shirt thing. The shaman is extremely muscular, but only his upper body. He skips leg day. We offer to help take care of the wolf issue. We discuss plans. 

We offer to battle the wolf-men if the orcs will leave. Blackstar called one of the wolfmen "red fang". We plan to research fell magic to show we have a way to take out the wolf-men. 