We're at the stpo sign. We go to the left, leaving the cart behind. We walk in hight order, with the shortest in front. There are thick support beams, seems like a new part of the mine. Not much sound except the echos of our boots. It takes us over 30 minutes to make it to the top of the incline, then it starts to go down and turn to the right. We get to the re-entry to the main cavern. We goe back through the non-tracky line back to our cart. We see a lot of mining equipment has been left. We see a statue of a person in the corner, seems humanoid but lacks feet. It's face is in horror or shock. it's quite small now, but was human sized. I look around for evidence of non-humanoid things. I see misplaced ground near the statue, but different than from the ankheg. It seems as if something has been sweaping dust and dirt along the ground to cover something up. Balol starts to dig, with Berrion. Berrion seems to be digging in a spot where the ground is moving too quickly down (Balol notices). Balol says stop digging! Berrion stops digging and gets out, the sand and stone is falling downward, making a big hole. Some of us can see that it seems to stop at some point, there seems to be a path. It's like 15 feet down. 

Balol wraps himself in rope and slowly goes down, turning to the cavernous area. There's an ankheg right in front of him. We start pulling him out but he says "stop". The ankheg is stone, same kind of stone as the statue. Balol kinda wanders off into the cavern without saying anything more. He comes back and tell us there's a secret room, that has light. We set up 2 ropes to climb down. I start going toward the light while everyone's discussing what's happening. I get to the end and there's a 10 foot drop, I climb down into there. There are toarches lit down here. I think someone could have used magic to get in and out. We call the whole party down.

I go off to the stairs with precious to investigate stuff. I start to notice that precious seems excited, like he's excited. I start going down the stairs, I feel a breeze and smell fresh air. I let everone know what I smell. Berrion finds spring water and a big rock. The room seems to continue a bit. Elle goes to check out the water, it seems manufactured. Thava checks the exit for traps. There's a lot of dust on most of the barrels, except the closest ones. There are handprints on these ones. I start ritually detecting magic. They find clothes (dark robes) in there. They get one for me. The second barrel has stuff for making torches/candles. Thava takes some. We make fun of her for lacking dark-sight. They find some other basic knives and stuff. I finish my ritual. I don't detect magic within my viscinity, i walk over to the other people near the barrels. balol notices 2 sets of footprints that left in a hurry. human sized prints. I detect no magic over here. Thava sniffs the water, it's poisonus. It doesn't seem similar to what we found elsewhere. It doesn't seem to be acid, it's like what Thava burps. Balol investigates the bed, there's something laying there. It's a statue of a person, in a robe like what was in the barrels. There's a book near the bed, balol grabs it. It appears to be a diary, he finds the last entry. It says today's date, "furdy mention the clue to the puzzel is 'in the land of massmore, nothing makes sense', perhaps this has something to do with the size of stone statues and weapons outside the stone doors". THe diary is pretty full.  Balol checks the first entry, her name is Jemma from Westown working as a lawyer. A big famin hit the town and people got sick and there were monsters, so she left town. She met up with a robed person named furdy, a disciple of the imacuate lady. They went on a pilgramage to pray to the goddess. She took notice the furdy had a pretty necklace trincket, she wanted to steal it. I check the stone for a necklace,  there's nothing there. It's probably jemma. They met brisc on the rode, he seemed fishy. He was running away from big city, scared of "the fetcher". I take a quick look around before we walk away, nothing catches my eye. There's a broken bow, short bow. It seems good quality, it's ornate with unique designs. Thava takes it. Shadow touches the big stone, ti feels like a rock.

We go to deeper in. We see some stone doors with scattered items, all stone, with some stone statues. Berrion suddenly says he needs booze, after turning to shadow and saying "the hell"? I go up to the doors, looing for magic or writing. I hear the sound of our boots on the ground, we start chatting with Furdy", who's inside the doors. Basilisks turn people to stone with eye gaze. We hear a hiss, I yell at everyone to close their eyes. I use silent image to distract the basilisk, creating an image of another one. It succeeds, distracting it and causing it to avert its gaze. Elle puts a blindfold on. Balol runs forward and tries to blind the basilisk. It saves. 

We defeat all the basilisks. I light one of the corpses on fire. We harvest the other eyes. The eyse can be ground to a powder as a cure, and some magics might be able to activate dormant eyes. I get all the basilisk eyes (6) in a jar (2 petrification 4 poison).

We open the stone door and chat with furdy. He's a member of the immaculate lady, she likes fire. They came through some stairs, leads to the west side of the mountain. There's an old abbey of one of the sun gods. No idea if there are people there. He was gonna offer a skull shaped ruby to the lady. The abby is like a day away. I said something cool, but it failed. We stepped away to chat about what to do. Furdy doesn't know anything about the miners. The entrance is super visible. The basilisk probably came through a hole in a rock. 