We thank Al for inviting us in, Berrion asks if we can help with anything. Al asks us to destroy the book. Al almost remembers where he got it, but doesn't. He has notes somewhere. I walk over to the writing desk looking for notes. Most are about grocery lists. Chart of raspberry bush growth. Balol investigates Al's room. He finds some notes of names he recognizes: Letter from Conrad Beronious, saying it's been a long time / how are things and CB has a daughter. Berrion thanks Al again, shakes his hand. 

We say we're gonna leave, find out Al has another tower. The tower we're at is probably the enchantment tower. We get a new map (that Per owes us) with his other locations. He says he left notes at the sisters. We head toward the grove. Elle leads us, a path basically appears in front of us. We come up to a path up to some caves, there's a rocky path that's serpentine. We see a rocky door, we look around for mechanisms and inscriptions, we see some moss and scrape it away finding an inscription. It says Speak Friend and Enter. Balol says "friend", the door opens. 

We're met by sounds from inside, lots of the sound of elfish chatter. There are more than 10 on benches. We're surprised we couldn't hear them before, as if there were an enchantment around the grove protecting it from unwelcome folks. The elfs turn and look at us. They're chattering in elfish. There are adults and small children. They seem surprised, children seem curious. Elle steps forward and makes sounds I don't understand. One of them is a pretty stereotypical elf. Their leader is Galibar. I start ritually casting detect languages. We also bring Precious in. Shadow stays outside. 

We're lead to a doored cave, we can't hear what they're saying. Elle knocks on the door, the voices silence. An elf with brown curley long hair in suspenders made out of leaves, no shirt. His skin is dark and rugged, looking closer to bark than skin. He has a long staff with flowers on the top of it. Ella says things I don't understand. They switch to common. He says he's happy we could help him. He brings out some herbal tea. There's one other person in the room in a chair. She looks similiar, her name is Tiranna. They're the heads of these wood elves, and they need help with Orcs. They were asleep when the orcs came. They intercepted merchants and chased them away. Chased away wildlife, kicked a gembunny. These 2 hibernate for long times. The orcs haven't shed any blood. Tiranna says they were very violent. They would prefer to solve without violence. The cousin is very angry, as she stomps roots go into the ground and crack the dirt. I suspect these are the avatars of the Twins. 

We tell them the leader we've talked with the orcs. Galibar doesn't want to hurt them all. We discuss options. Wolves are uncommon in these forest. Thava really tries to ask them about fell magic, i say nothing because i don't want to tell the avatars of gods we have knowledge of fell magic. The avatars have been sleeping in the grove for 4 months. We were called to be 3rd party arbitrars. We say we can try to assist. We say the orcs may or may not like us. Tiranna has a habbit of impulsivity and would prefer to fight. She can't do it on her own. Except there are only like 30 (he thought 500). Maybe she can for 30. He doesn't want to be first to draw blood, which would anger the twins. Galibar says they used to have a relic that now seems to be missing. It was a small statue of the twins, holding a blue gemstone. I ask if they can ask the twins about the Twins. He needs to meditate to ask, so we aren't doing it now. 

Tomorrow night is the full moon. We break for dinner to talk amongst ourselves. "Elves not dead. Galibar wants to parlay with orcs. Found wizard Al, memory is addled but seems ok. What is mission and payment?". "Parly if possible if safest. Can orcs be recruited to ship, elves welcome too. Did Al have book, don't open. Help elves: 500 gold". I give berrion googlie eyes using silent illusion

We talk tactics for the negotiation. Most of us want to play it straight, Balol wants to trick the Orcs. I play the piano, there are pettles from the rasberry bushes on top of the piano. I make it sound somewhat decent. 

We set up camp. I set an alarm. Balol goes to the 3 sisters. I noticed he's not there, but not until he left. I have trouble sleeping, I wake up itching. I want to look at the stone gem. I pull it out. Stars are out but moon is bright, as I look into the sky, I see that the moon is blue with flames around it, i get the sensation something is watching me. I stare into the big eyes of the moon. I ask Berrion what color the moon looks to him, but he cant see it because he can't see that far. I activate the my light at the moon through the gem, nothing happens. I give Berrion the gem. I go back to sleep. 

Berrion sees Balol come through the entrance in the morning. He's wounded but has cakes. He has one regular cake and one roofie cake. Berrion berates Balol. Everyone berrates Balol. Balol has Al's notes and key. There are several languages and puzzles in the text, we decide to leave it until later.