I think it's unlikely there's another adult basilisk around. Berrion sees how much Jemma weighs, he can't lift but could drag it. He start's dragging her. I ask about the Immaculate lad. In a small town in westown, there's a big tower where there's a profesy that there's a great mage in the tower. They say he will bring change upon the world. Balol puts the gem on the alter. The imaculate lady was missing for a long time. She's definitely a fan of necromancy. Stone Jemma and the other one in, Furdy screams in terror. Thava shoves a potato in his mouth.

We take the weapons and drop them in the hole, closing the door. Took a short rest. I suggest we don't go back and help them. We discuss if we should infiltrate the cult of the immaculate lady or tell the Witch Hunters. I now have inspiration for a clever joke. We head back into the mines. I use 2 hit dice to heal.

We head back to the cart and hop in the cart and start moving at the slow speed. We head to the exit. These tracks seem to be the newest ones, they're in good condition. We see the light at the end of the tunnel. We head out and go to talk to Yulgrin. We go to his tent. He's cursing that the capital didn't send him supplies. We tell him we cleared out every path. We point out the sinkhole to a temple of the immaculate lady. We tell him about the back entrance to the mine. Yulgrin said the capital isn't sending scrolls of cure petrification. We ask about clearing the potential additional areas. He's offering a magical flint, equivelant healing potion. We discuss what we want to go back in for the additional tunnel we found. Some adamantite ore will fall off a cart for us. We decide to go in the next day, and collect our items in the morning. We take a helmet (berion), arrows (thava), quarterstaff (me). We take a long rest. 

Balol asks about the sun god. She only does favors for those that give her tribute. 

We feed precious the final rabit and all head down to the rock. As we're walking toward the mine, precious is reluctant to go down. She comes with us. We go down to the temple and have them remove the rock. I ready firebolt in case anything leaps out. Balol looks outside. Sees stuff I didn't hear described. Thava smells something bad, like poop bad (organic decay). It's their poop hole. I firebolt the hole to clean it out. 

We choose to message pirate daddy. "Mine cleared. Investigating no-longer abandoned alafia (goddess of goodness and healing, bit of a bitch) temple. Anything else in the area you want us to check?". Quartermanster replies "Good job. Temple on your own. Elvish forest had problem with orks. Talk to elves. Do not engage orks before talking to elves". 

We head to the abby. As we're walking I feel a weird tug at my waste, my pouch feels better. I spun and saw nothing. I surrupticiously check the pouch to see what's in there. I realize there's like 200 gold in there. I realize there's a spell from venmo to transfer money. I tell the group that we've been paid. Berion summons shadow again. We continue down the mountain. Precious doesn't have difficulties moving around the terrain, having fun. We see smoke coming from the church, we're probably an hour from the church. It's right next to the forest line, just before the forest. There's a road to it going east and west. Church looks in good condition, has a big fence. Kinda a gated community. Gate is open. We see some people on the road: human, maybe half elf. The people walking away seem proud/happy. Those going in seem injured. We see a symbol of the sun on top of the gate, the symbol of the sun gods. We're about 10 minutes out. Shadow is sent to sit next to a bush. 

We approach some people that are leaving. We see a couple that's skipping. Elle talks to them. They cured a splinter. They repaired someones missing arm. They didn't actually do that, but healed sneazing. They take a fee, unless you're 'insured'. They know about westown, everyone got sick or died or something. I cover balol in darkness and tell him to shut up. We talk about adventure insurance. It's one of the few temples in the area. We go wait in line, see what the fee is. 

We head in to the gated area. There are 3 buildings, we head into the main church. It seems to be in good condition. It's been recently spruced up. Most people seem to be healthy and walking around, the door is open so we can just go in. It's just one tall floor, like a catholic church. Lots of symbols of the sun, stained glass windows. Up in front we see a taller human lady with blond hair and light roabs with a yellow/golden cross on them. In front of them is a kneeling elderly human. They have a discussion about money. She tells him she's out of power for the day. 

Berrion is creaped out by the place. He's not sure why, but doesn't want to stay overnight. I get in line. The older man gives up and walks out. He mutters _stupid bitch, healed that green skinned guy and not me_. Some of the people in front of me have broken legs and such. The broken leg person gives some money and she heals the leg (there's a glow and we can hear it repairing). He skips out of there. There's a caretaker? nearby dressed similarly to the priestess. Behind the priestess there's a pristine set of armor painted white with gold edges on display. It represents an avatar or warrior of alaphia. While waiting in the line we look around and we are certain that the only thing out of place is us, especially the owl bear. Everythign seems to bee as it should for this type of temple. We use precious to move futher in line. 

We get to the front of the line. We see she seems tired, but puts on a fake smile. Removing a curse costs 90 gold. It's first come/first serve. Comes early in the morning, at dawn. We ask if she needs any help in leu of payment. We choose to leave. She says she can't help Berrion for some reason. 

Berrion and I go set up camp outside the temple walls. The others explore inside. I set up a small experiment with guano. the rock gets warm, but nothing else happened. I ask berrion about shadow. We chat for a bit, i learn he doesn't know much about the bond. He cannot transport me with him when he switches places. 

We're camped about 50 feet outside of the gates, I set up alarm. And we sleep in shifts, double covering all but one shift. I take the morning shift. The first shift sees someone leaving. It was the drunkard behind us in line. Second shift starts. Elle hears a rustle behind her on shift, a cracking of a branch. Thava heard nothing. They both went and checked on the sound. Elle sees the silouette of a person behind a bush. they're holding a bow, aiming a little away from us. It was a hunter. Elle is really hostile to them. Third shift starts. It's unusually quiet during that watch. Balol farted. Fourth shift: berrion sees a 3 tailed squirrel. 

Dawn: I go toward the line alone. I go into the serman. He says the sun is awesome, don't do drugs, don't do necromancy, etcetera. Very generic sermen. The rest of the camp wakes and comes in after me. I try to get in line, i'm one of the first in line. The ones in head of me are easy problems. I pay 90 gold. She makes symbols in the air in front of me, I recognize them as magical symbols but I don't understand them. She's _very_ experienced, I'm super impressed. She clutches my hands, a bright light appears and retracts. I do a happy dance and send a light show, get a real smile. I ask about the elves and orcs. I learn she does not discuss politics, but she has lunch at noon. 