We're trying to get out of the forest and onto the road. Trying to get away from our ork "friends". We're heading SSW. There's a small stream blocking our path. Elle and Berrion fall into the stream, landing on some sharp rocks. It was kinda funny. We make our way out to a clearing, I stop running and start walking out. It was about an hour's run. I step into the clearing and see the main road going W/E, we also see the small path leading back into the woods where trees are more sparce. We think this is where the old ladies are. We head that way. We see a definitely not haunted windmill in the distance. We approach and call out when we get close. We talk about how to announce ourselves. 

Thava yells and scare's a bunch of birds away. A few moments later Gardina comes out, Elle introduces us to her. We mention the orks for her, she doesn't love it. She likes the elves. We come in for tea. The windmill is very small. It smells of cooking pie. Annica does the accounting. I ask if there's a map we can use. She draws a simple one for us. We ask about finding the elves. We ask abotu hidden places. She mentions a sacred grove, but dosn't know much about it but annica might. Annica comes down, looks almost identical but she's wearing brown instead of green. I show her the map that Gardina drew, she grabbed it and wrote over it.  She made a much more detailed map, that includes the elve's sacred grove which is their secondary home. Or a place of worship. She confirms the village matches what we saw. They get their supplies from the Fey wilds, on the full mone. Thava pesters the old ladies about their supplier. I ask about Al the wizard. He's friendly with elves, has multiple towers. He was on his way there yesterday. Berrion asks about orcs nearby, we ask if they know anything about the elves. The orcs used to leave by the goodkeep encampment. They don't know anything about wolfmen with flaming hands. 

We stay the night in a barn thing outside, nice shelter but not enclosed. We rest for the night. I set alarm around us. First watch goes off without anything happening. Same with 2nd watch. Same with 3rd watch. Same with 4th watch.

Morning comes, we head toward Al's wizard tower. We avoid the orc camp, moving at a normal pace. We don't hit any trouble getting to the lake in the center. We see the tower in the distance, between the branches. It's not super tall, not as tall as Lamor's tower. I know there's an assocation between wizert tower and power. Higher generally means more powerfull. This one is modest. The tower is made from a very large tree. It's very colorful, probably carved out. Kinda an eyesore. Base is white, with purple rounding layers. 

Berrion offers to help me build my tower one day. 

We approach the tower openly. The area around it isn't fully cleared, but they are more sparce. Seems like it was cleared at some point but has fallen into disrepair. Some wizards like healthy competetion from approaching wizards. The tower is very pristine, not as rundown as the windmill. Thava sees berries next to the towers. We see someone standing by the tower, in the color of the tower. He could be tall, but seems hunched with age. Has broad shoulders. I call out to Al, he doesn't react. It's an old elf, which is rare to see. He's wrinkled and has pure white hair. He has no beard, but he keeps stroking an illusionary beard. We ask if his name is Al, he's not sure. I ask what's bothering him. He want's to get in the tower, but he can't. Seems to be a bit senile. Balol looks for a key, he doesn't see one but sees a really chonky racoon in the berries. The racoon talks! He _was_ a hafling that tried to rob Al. Al wants some books in the tower, needed them for something. Berrion tries to pick the lock. I search for wizard tests. I don't find anything, and the door seems mundane. I cast detect magic ritually

Berrion tries to pick the lock. He's successful. I tell thava to grab the racoon so it can't steal things. Berrion lets Al go first. Al pushes the door open, snaps to turn all the lights on. There's a color theme of purple and white. I ask where the books he wants would be, he says the top floor. Berrion shuts the door behind us, thava tossed the racoon back outside and we didn't let it in. There's a bunch of magic stuff. He's wearing a silver necklace with 2 red gems, might have once been more but some might be missing (it's not symetric). I ask Al about it, he doesn't know what it is but sets it aside. We go up to his books. Second floor seems to be storage, pantry and such. Third floor is living quarters, looks used at least this year but not within the last few days. Fourth floor is a small library. He's a High Elf.

There's some conversation going on in Elfish, I walk around looking at the books for anything interesting about light or fire magic. I get a necklase of fireball (2 charges). We find books about the dragon good queen Tiamat, condemned to hell. Another dragon god's book is found too. Berrion finds a book on old gods that relate to ancient forests, a book on a god called The Twins, god of wood elfs. These are quite vengeful gods, drain their avatar's lifeforce while amplifying their emotions and powers. They live in the forests we're in. Druids stopped worshiping them for some reason. Al's at least 800 years old. I show Al the immaculate lady pendant, it rigns a bell. I convince him to summon books on old gods. I look for books in those that mention the immaculate lady, I see several that could be the Immaculate Lady.

* Raven queen
* Tiamat
* Narule (goddess of undead)
* Lafia (sun goddess)

The symbol of a skull rules out Alafia. Raven queen is ruled out because she's averse to necromancy. I narrow the list of books down, and try to get Al to pick a book. He grabs a book about gods that never should exist, but do because people believe in them. I start leafing through the book. 

Balol wanders off, we don't know what he's doing. Balol finds a book, it's magical. I can't tell what kind of magic it is, but even with detect magic I can't tell what it is. Witch hunters came about to stop these old gods. We head outside to burn the book. I tell Al to provide a protection against backlash from the book. He sets up a magical shield between us and the book, a shimmering transparant (slightly purple) wall. I cast firebolt. The fire goes into the face on the book, it's comletely devoured. I throw a fireball at the book. There's a large explosion. The book is unscathed. 

Thava just walked up and opened the book. A giant smoke face comes out of the book and hits Thava in the face, then nothing else happens. There is writing in the book too, but it's not in a language thava understands. I use comprehend languages on the book and try to read it. A foggy thing comes out of the book at me too, but the smoke disapates. Looks like a skeleton that's burning away/being melted. The first fiew pages describe "Fell magic", taking the life-force of one creature, weaponizing souls. And how to crush a soul and add their vitality to mine. Mixing of schools to create new spells in mangic, forbidden things (supposidly) like sucking air out of lungs or freezing blood in a body. SO powerful your as to a god, but also a threat to the entire world. Teaches how to combine enchantments, like how to take the soul of one creature to make a long-lasting flame that can be placed on an object or a limb. It describes some of the 'how' in basic terms, needs the souls of innocents and esotaric materials that are hard to find on the material plane. Verbal componants are super complex, but I don't understand how to verbalize them. Some text forumlates images of what happens to victims. It speaks a bit about immortality and changing the direction of time. We toss the book in the hole. We tie it up so it can't accidentally open. 