I start ritually casting detect magic. The others check the east door. Thava inspects the door. It's remarkably doorlike. Like really good door. The best door. There are tiny gaps but you can't see through them. It's slatted boards, they seem deliberate. It smells of cinnamon, wheat, bread. It is unlocked. It has no handle. Berrion inspects the west door. He's not sure if it's a door (rolled a 2). It's a very tight fitting door within its frame, no room for anything to get through it. It's not locked. They open the doors at the same time. 

East: Thava is met with a strong smell of bread and baking. At the end of the room is an oven, doesn't seem to be on. There are barrels of candied apples, and donuts, and all sorts of good things. Everything except the oven seems to be edible. There's a big cabinate with chocolates and candies. By there is Morgana, saying Thava should try these candies. Thava tries to think it's not an illusion and fails. She's unable to shake off the illusion completely and takes 6 points of damage, then shakes off the illusion. The food seems real. There are a bunch of gingerbread people with human clothes on. One has a purple amulet on and a short sword on the floor by it. Thava steps into the room, curious about the bread. She breaks a piece of one of the bread tables off. 

West: This door is stiffer due to the tighter fit. There's a smell of dust and cobwebs, old paper. It's a much larger room with lots of books on the floor, and there are bookshelves. There's also a lot of different types of skulls. Adult, child, giant. They're spread all around. There are cobwebs everywhere. In the middle of the room is a person with a large yellow robe and a beaklike face. It says it's doctor bones, and attacks berrion. He realizes it's an illusion and it disappears. Berrion steps into the room. Most of the books have nothing written on the spine. The have symbols on them (skull, cauldren, hand). He says I should come look at the books when I'm done. Some areas seem more disturbed than others. Generally areas with blank books, but also areas with books on covens with names of other hags. 

Balol needs to make a perception check and I make a wisdom saving through. As I'm making my ritual I start feeling drowsy, but I don't fall asleep. 

My detect magic finishes, the swords are regular. I go into the east room. The sword and buckler are not magical. The amulet and a box at the end of the room are magical. Box is conjuration and amulet is also conjuration. I grab the amulet. Elle grabs the box, which looks like a breadmaker. It's a magical breadmaker. I wander over to the west room. I hand Balol the amulet to identify. I'm in the west room now. Berrion said he felt a tingle. As soon as I enter the room I get a sense of pressure / annyance in my brain. I try to turn around and it moves as I move. It's in a specific direction. The intensity doesn't increase as I move towards it. I focus my light in that direction, all the books in the bookshelf light up except one. I send mage hand after it. Another mage hand grasps my mage hand. I do a thumb war with it but fail. Above the bookshelf is a super tny, like finger tny, wizart creature casting somthing. I call out to it in all my languages, it doesn't respond. On closer inspection I see it doesn't ahve a face, but it has a gray beard. It doesn't have feet. I see it's magic. I find a book with horns and protrusions from the sides. Very sinister looking. I can read strange ssymbols that sya Fel Menagery. The igen is Miniture Mages Magic Hand. I give it to Thava. Berrion starts reading books about covens. I watch his back. He learns a little about the coven's spells and how dangerous they become. They get lightening bolts, polymorph, scrying, stronger illusions, curses, and there are some even more dangerous varients (like necromantic or nature covens (make trees grow/disappear/become corrupted)). Not all varients are malicious: might tell the future / use divination. If a hag has once been in a coven and lost it, they miss the power and will do a lot to regain it. If the coven is broken, their spells are reversed. Berrion gives me Tears of Failure. 

I tie a rope around the cauldren up the hole. It's 15-20 feet up. Berrion sends shadow up through the hole. Nothing happens to him. Berrion swaps spaces with shadow. He sees 3 sets of doors and a staircase. There's a hole above him. There's blood on the spikes. We decide to go back down from where we were. Thedre are no stairs down. Thava goes to the floor above us. Shadow moves an additional level up. Berrion is now on the top floor. We all go to the middle floor. Thava climbs the rope. We all climb the rope. We're all on the top floor. Elle checks out the other staircase. It seems weird, there are things floating midair. A small unlit lantern. Sabbatons. I light the latern from outside the stairwell. THe bolt stops before it and it fizzles out. Something inside the staircase is shimmering and shifts and moves. I dodge to the side, but elle gets hit by a huge gelatenous ooze, it engulfs Elle. She is restrained and cannot breathe. 

I've heard about living oozes, it can engulf people and it tries to mimic inanimate objects. There are different varients of them. Some multiply when hit by certain elements. 

Round 1:
Rashik: arcana check, doesn't learn much
Creature: tries to engulf me, i successfull dodge. It produces arms to swat at me. I dodge
Balol: just runs away
Thava: Ensnaring strike
Elle: Falls unconcious
Berrion: Tries to pull Elle out. He takes acid damage. 

Round 2: 
Rashik: I use mage hand to tie a rope around Elle's. I attemt to run away as possible, I'm down
Creature: swallows me up. Thava tries an attack of opportunity, she smacks it good. It slowly moves down the room. Berrion attacks of opportunity, this. 
Balol: Yanks on the rope to pull Elle out. He fails. He tries to run away, succeeds
Elle: Takes damage, succeeds roll
Thava: Tries to pull Elle out, and drags her away
Berrion: Tells balol to heal Elle. Attacks the goo, hits. Stays out of its range

Round 3:
Rashik: takes damage, Dies
Creature: My skin starts melting away
Balol: heats metal in the cube
Thava: Used a healing potion on Elle
Elle: Spike growth to slow it down
Berrion: Shadow attacks the cube, cuts a face into it, then cuts the face. He unleashes incarnation and attacks again

Round 4:
Creature: Moves a little and gets hurt. takes out shadow
Balol: heats metal again. The sabbatons melt away some of the cube. The core starts melting and fizzeling. The cube is destroyed

My skin is heavily damaged by the damageed. Combat is over. Balol prays for me. Someone comes out offering to save me, it's a trump. It's a yellowy/orangy witch with a toupe. Balol casts blindness on the creature. He fails, she casts blind back. She also fails. 

There's a lot of attempts to persuade the hag. Balol threatens the hag, it doesn't work. Elle tries flattery. The hag wants the following for my life:

From Elle: A vial of her blood
From Balol: His courage
From Thava: Nail clippings, hair, teeth from people. Continuously, forever
From Berrion: Contact with a coven

ASIDE:
I hear a voice that offers to bring me back. I can fight the fell, it says fell magic is misused. I agreed to work with this entity. I will return as an artificer, losing my arcane magics. I should build my class reasonably close to Rash and try to hid my deficiencys. 

BACK:
The party is trying to convince the hag to resurrect me for a different deal that I missed. The hag is Mad Mary Stitchwiddle. They succeed in convincing the hag. The deal is Thava's deal + kill her daughter's trolls + make her daughter suffer. 

The hag says there's a fell item (lanterns) that will just hurt the wounds more. They can be healed, it only takes souls of others. Her soul could heal them. Thava gives the hag owlbear poop and she eats it. They accept the deal. She says I'll be a bit different when I come back. But it will be my soul, but I'll be ugly. The acid damage is permanent. 

The hag summons her magic and grabs her ritual stuff. She goes translucent and shifts down through the floor and comes back with a bag. She puts down candles and skulls and nasty stuff. She starts her ritual. Lots of chanting and weird stuff. She speeds up and up and up, the candles start flickering and a wind raises. Then everything snuffs out and everything goes silent. Thava gives me an epitath, acknowledging my skill at fire. Everything stays silent. Berrion whispers something under his breath, with the intent that no one in the room can hear him. Balol says I'm the most powerful wizard in the world. Thava says I'm the best at drinking fish wine. 

The hag says "some sort of delay in this, weird". She pokes my corpse. Says I'm not willing to come back. And she wouldn't with friends like them. Balol says it's her fault. She says they can leave and take my corpse with them. Thava says the party won't finish the deal since she failed. The hag says she could do it with her daughter in a coven, but Thava doesn't believe her. 

Berrion and Elle check to see if I'm alive. I dead. Dead dead. So Dead. The Deddest. And now I'm filthy. 

The hag tells them all to leave and take my corpse with them. Says the baby is none of their business. They put me in the hole. But Berrion doesn't want to and he carries me. They party heads back to the village. They discuss my funeral: big party with fish wine and a pyre. 

Balol invokes words to a deamon (out of hearing of the party). He's surrounded by red mist and the deamon appears. He tries to convince the deamon to resurrect me. Bribes and threatons. But it's a cliff hanger for next session. 