Us + Pddy + Galibark head to Pddy's office to call the bears and ask "Show us when the book that is cipher for fell magic was imbued with its power to resist damage". We call the bear! We lay out the parchment and start writing, parchment is in a circle with honeycomb in the middle. There's silence at first, and no one appears. Then there's a bear in a suit with a fishbowl on his head. 

Book made by Nerul, 2 instances of creation. Book of fell magic. One was created before time. The other was created 500 years ago. We need to pick one, or bribe the bear. We pick the old one, and relive the experience. He takes out a feather pen, and the room around us changes. Everything's kinda transparant, like an image overlayed over the world (augmented reality / hologram). We find ourselves in a stony large room. Light is dim, some torches far away on the walls. Stone benches leading up to an alter. All around us are humanoid, mostly human, bodies. They're dead, some have been here a long time. There's an alter with a sarcaphagus. There's a hooded person standing there, talking to whatever's in the coffin. We hear a raspy woman's voice. Sounds old and on the brink of death itself. They're not human vocal cords anymore. She mutters "soon, soon my love we'll be togather. Once this is finished we'll be together forever". She's doing something with her hands in the coffin, she's carving out the face of someone there placing it on the cover of a book. I gain inspiration point for a clever joke. The body is a noble, duke, person. Duke Varmkorve. There's a joke somewhere in that name. Next to it is a book with a face attached to it. We see her look towards us. Behind the cloak is a skinless face. She must be the other book's face. Desmond says the woman must be the dutchess Narul. We hear here muttering things like "soon I will be able to put your soul back, I will not stop the search. I will go through every sould in the afterlife if I have to, my love". Desmond says her name is frequent among malevolant dieties, she's the goddess of the undead. There are no bears here, Gods can fill in their ledges themselves. The record could be falsified by a diety. This was in the cellar beneath the dutchess's old castle, but he doesn't know where that is. The castle is called Grimtol castle. PDdy does not know anything about this castle. We don't know anything about this castle, it likely changed names. This might be one of the starting moments of necromancy being developed. We ask if Galibar knows anything about these events: he does not. He pieces together that it's possible to ascend to godhood. He's heard the name Narul before, it's possible this was the dutchess before her ascention but he's not sure. As she places the skin on there, she makes the books kiss. there's a dark stream running between the books with a bright, dark-green light shining up into the air engulfing us. The light dissapates and so does the vision. Desmond thinks that was very interesting, and offers us some coffee. 

Berrion knows the Raven queen would be very opposed to Narul. He tells us that. The Raven queen does not like undead, and sees herself as shepharding them and preventing them from being undead.

Stealing the book was Al's idea. Isimgrim and Al wanted to look into it. Thava goes to the kitchen to get honeycomb. She hears a panicked scream. One of the chefs is standing the corner, looking horrified. Precious is lying in the kitchen, covered in strawberry jam. While she's gone I ritually cast detect magic. 

We ask for the other book creation event. There's a magical ring on the desk, made of silver. The wall has a piece of wood like a staff that flattens out, has holes in it in a pattern. It looks bendable, not stiff. The vision starts, the admiral recognizes the place. It's in the abyss, it's where the fell arch demon is. There are 10s of large, strange creatures. Verious sizes, various layouts (legs/wings/etc). They are demons. Berrion recognizes one of them is the demon that appears in his visions. We also see the demon that escaped from the flask. We see the 3 in front look like the 3 demons we've been hearing about. In front is a new demon, she looks humaniod-ish, female, ash-like skin, gray, parts of her body is covered in dark green scales, she has a tail and small dark green wings on her back. She's proclaiming that this is the birth of a new era, they're all subjects of narul and they will ressurect her using parts of their souls. She has 2 books: one from the previous vision, another is similar but a bit torn. Parts are missing, the face is more grotesque, not completed. She says they will make Narul whole again, all need to obey. THe admiral confirms this is the Lost Daughter. 

I see that Desmond seems surprised, sees the bear that recorded everything. It's a huge demon, 3x the size of a grissley bear. He has burning heat scars, like that of lava. He's wearing suit pants and has a ledger. He's a big deal at the archive. He's recorded abyssal events when others don't dare go there. Undercover bear. We recommend they keep a record of who looks up what. 

Elle sees a slight hint of the red demon she's seen before. He seems grumpy, seems unhappy. They stole the book from a room that looks like this. The Demons keep chanting Narul. The demonness raises her hand and we see a transparant, dark luminous thread from her hand to all the other demon's heads. She snaps and pull something from them, causing them pain, and throwing it toward the torn book. Dark flames gather around it, and fully repair it. There's a cheer from most of the crowd. The chanting stops and goes quiet. The demoness in front hold up her finger, and sees spies. She sees us, she knows us. We feel an immense pain in our heads. Wisdom saving throws. Only I succeed. Everything goes dark, we're back in the office. 

We learned the books can be damaged and destroyed, but we don't know how. 

I ask PDdy about the staff thing. It's his enchanted rug-beater, it cleans rugs and makes magic rugs not magic. He gives it to me. 

We discuss the first riddle. One noble house that sticks out to Elle is Archaelous, because it was a big name and isn't anymore. She has a vague memory about the distant descendants lost their property, and they're fighting to regain it. A dispute between the heirs. We think it's where Griselda's golden statue is. 

We talk with Galibar. He wants to speak with his cousin once more, and to speak with Al. He want's to find out how to calm enraged states in avatars of his type. We ask if PDdy has scrolls, he does not. 

We decide to go to Al's southern tower. We want to see if he can provide us with a way to speak with dead and if he knows about calming enraged states. This tower has puzzles and traps in some of his towers. He says all talked about silly riddles. There was a riddle he was very fond of. Al tried to be clever, and the answer was saying the word 'nothing'. 

He says there's a southern port city on the way, called Lighthousen. It's a little bigger than the other one we did. He doesn't know the lay of the land well, but his spies can draw out some mapping for us. PDdy will find a contact for us. It's probably a few days of travel by foot. There's at least one small town on the way. We could bump into Witch Hunters, but we don't know of any strong presense in the area. They're moving eastwards. It'll probably be 4 days of travel over the sea. Takes us a little further from goodkeep, but not terribly far. 

Day 1: I chat with mages and learn Air Bubble (2nd level conjuration). Balol tries out the book hammer, notices no magical effects. He tries to communicate with his diety, but get response. Uneventful evening

Day 2: Uneventful day, competition to catch the biggest fish. Berrion helps train the fighters in the crew to sword-fight. I join the competition for the biggest fish. So does Thava. I have Alfred fish with me. I hook something. It's tough, we're struggling. People are gathered around, and I pull up a massive boot. Bigger than me, myself! It's the lost boot of The Giant Koivel, he was drunk one day and tried to jump over the ocean. He thought he was the biggest giant. Another fisher struggles and we all help him, and up comes a huge catfish. It starts to thrash, knocks people away. We subdue it. Balol collects metal and rests. Thava gets high with morgana and galibark. 

Day 3: Just hanging out. Thava asks about breath weapons. I read about demonology. It's pretty general: demons and devils are different, not good terms. I learn the demon swear "forker", which is mean to devils. There are added notes in the book: Descriptions next to a red-faced demon, who showed incredible feats of strength. The added test says the demon seems "frustrated with authority?". Maybe a bath to take down the lost daughter. Berrion asks PDdy about shadow magic. He doesn't know anything about it. Berrion barters with his goddess

Day 4: We're nearing the harbor, a couple hours out. I'm on deck having breakfast, Alfred is holding my tray. Others join us on deck. Berrion and I chat about Alfred. Someone yells "Man overboard". Thava and Elle see shadows in the water, call Berrion over. 

2 Sahaugen appear, we roll initiative. They have massive claws on their hands instead of tridents. Their claws are glowing in a dark-green flame. A third one appears with a staff that looks like there's a fish stuck to it. He's doing something arcane. 

We succeed in combat, i pick up one Bolt of Wild Lightning and a Blowfish Basher. I give the bolt to Thava and the Basher to Balol. 2 crewfolk were lost, the original ones grabbed. We all survived, but the dragon board crewmember died. 

It's weird for Sahaugen to be this close to shore. They also don't have wings or glowing green claws. I collect one of the claws, it's no longer glowing