Balol - Alfonso
Elle - Margo
    speaks goblin
Thava - Sarah
Berrion - RJ

I copy Earth Tremor into my spellbook, we have ~100 gold now. The quartermaster comes up to us, we've been told he's a big stuck up. Tells us the employer is Yulgren Greatrock. Need to eradicate all monsters in mine. They've spotted bats, giant bats, and giant ants. He says it's probably ant kings, which burrow in the ground and lay ambushish. They spray acid as an attack. They don't resist fire probably. They seem to sense things moving through the ground, hard to sneak up on unless you can fly. Yulgren has promised up to 2 adamantine items: weapon or armor. Reward from pirate daddy is 200 gold. Thava keeps trying to get her burp to work

We arrive at the port, it's a tiny port without much going on. The fleet will keep a smaller boat at the bay for us, the bigger boats will do other things. There's about 2-3 hours to the mine, it's around mid-day now. We decide to go to the encampment and spend the night at the encampment. We plan to go hunting for some bait after we arrive. The road is easy to walk upon, lots of carts go this way. We cross a small river with a bridge, made of stone. There's a person on the bridge. Quite a tall figure, a few hundred feet away. Wearing dark robes, looks like it's trying to make himself look taller. He says he guards the bridge, wants to dual us. Seems to be a red hue to his skintone. Taller than thava. Only moving one hand, seems the other may be missing. Berrion realizes it's likely a hob-goblin. He's waiting for someone to fight, for basically no reason. I make him see himself, and he loses the battle to himself and runs away. 

As we approach the mine, the outside is shaped like a dug out bowl, with a raised rim. In the center is a cave, there are cart tracks leading out of it. Some go to the encampment, some go to where we are now. There are many people working. Several shafts have been tunneled into the earth. Lots of races: dwarfs/humans/half-orcs. All seem quite muscular, but not carrying weapons. Seems like an efficient layout. We go down to find Yulgren. We see dwarfs going about their business, some are laying new tracks to a new shaft. Higher along the track is more dwarfs pulling a heavy cart filled with ore. The rope holding the cart snaps, barreling at the working group at the bottom. Elle entangled the cart, stoping it. The dwarfs thank us for saving them. They gift us a small 'good luck' stone. Elle takes it, it's called the "Stone of Good Luck" (gives +1 all saving throws after attunement). 

We see a big tent that's probably Yulgren's. It's open, we can see a single dwarf with a long gray beard and back-combed long hair reading a notebook. He's Yulgren. He assumes I'm the leader. Main shaft is causing the trouble. They saw bats and ant king trail. The ground is all broken up. He gives us a map of the mine, not all the paths are mapped out. Turn left after the 21st lane. No one can guide us. He explains the trail to us, pointing out the anking is in the bottom-right, and people disappeared near the top-left. We should go clockwise. Suggests we use a cart to save hours. He calls in a mine worker who's arm is eroded by the acid. The creature is actually called ankheg. Balol enhances the cart we'll use. Elle attunes her rock, the elves plan to hunt in the morning. We take a long rest

The elves find some rabbit and catch them. They see a fox, but it was too clever for the elvsies. They see on one of the hilltops next to the mineshaft is a person, probably, walking there. Not sure what it is, but it's bipedal.

We go in the mine, using the slow speeds going to the first intersection. Everything seems neat and clean, we see some tools on the ground. The further we get in, we see more clutter on the ground. We put lanterns around the cart. The tunnel is like 15-20 wide + 7 tall. We ride into the first offshoot. We see that one of the beams is broken and hanging low. We stop before going under that. We decide to continue and duck under it. The ground seems to be gravel and such, probably an ankeg path. Balol gets out of the cart to try and shake the earth to attract the ankhegs. We can see the ground overturning approaching us. Great brown claws come up from underground, with an ant-like head with large scisser-like fangs. It snaps at the echo

We defeat the ankheg. I figured out these were females, males are roughly the same size (maybe slightly smaller). Nothing known about preditors or hunting patterns. Thava cuts open the stomachs of the ankhegs. She finds part of a stone foot, a piece of flesh, other meat. 

We check the right side, the tunnel ends and we found some burrowing marks. We go the other way, it's a little longer then turns to the right. There are still tracks here, the tunnel is not well securied and must be a newer tunnel. There's a sharp left turn. Lots of stallactites and no light. Lots of turned over earth, probably from ankheg. The tracks continue, it widens out a lot into a big open area. There's a pungent smell of something rotting. Elle is leading, we go around the right side. We see an ankheg laying on the ground. She throws a rock between us and the ankheg. Nothinging happings. It seems dead. 12 eggs are inside it. The eggs are intact. Females typically kill the males and hide eggs inside it. I burned the corpse. The light from the fire reveals a few feet away another corpse with 8 eggs, I firebolt it and set it on fire. In one of the corners of the cave there's a pile of what looks like smaller ankhegs. They seem to be the chitin that was shed over time. We toss some in the hole. We find another stone foot, we take it. We head back to the cart.

We continue in the cart to the next intersection. We get out of the cart and walk down the right branch. All the ground seems fine. The path continues for a bit, roughly the same as the big chamber one. This stops abruptly, we go back to the car. 

We continue to the next intersection in the cart. The tracks start going downward, we continue. I duck down into the cart so my head isn't visible. Balol told us how to handle turns.  Speed picks up a lot, not good for motion sickness. It's completely pitch black. We make it past the first sharp turn. We're picking up more and more speed. We spot another sharp turn and make it around. It starts to level out, but we're still moving fast. The track is splitting 3 ways, a sign indicates it's going toward the left. There's a lever ahead of it. I shoot it with a magic missile to send us down the central passage. We're well past the 3-way intersection. We stop the cart. We go back to the 3-way intersection. 