Thava's farming. A boy asks to pet her owlbear. The kid gives precious a ham. 3 people approach (one being held) yelling for help, they need a healer. The person in front is wearing read and gold tunic with chainmail armor. The one in front seems to be an officer, the carried person seems pretty banged up and bleeding out. Elle offers to help. She knows they're godkeep solderies, i don't know what that is. Elle casts cure wounds, some wounds healed, but not all. He may be long gone. The queue is moving out of the way. Priestess asks what happened, officer says they were attacked by _something_. Wolfmen with burning claws, up in the mountains. I know burning claws is pretty unheard of, new magic. Wolfmen makes me think about werewolves, but their claws typally don't burn. It's either foul magic or lies. There are scorch marks around the wounds. Priestess says he's too long gone. Lycantropy can transfer by byte. It typally takes a few days to happen, and is gradual. Starts with eyes,then howling, then maybe a hybrid transformation. Then it depends on the person what happens. They were attacked 2 days ago. The priestess says it didn't take effect yet. Priestess says he may have contracted lycantropy. She says she has a cure, he'll get it tonight. 

Elle asks the sargent things. She gets saluted, and he gets nervous. They were stationed at a small watchouse at the eastern border. They had good contacts with a nomadic orc tribe. They left without a word. They got surrounded by wolves and a wolfman with burning claws. They didn't see anything about the orcs. She says he will be fine, she'll make sure. She didn't ask them for any monies. 

Elle's a bastard, born of the king of Goodkeep. She's on a "political mission", she doesn't like talking about her family. Most of the team thinks the priestess is gonna poison the soldier, I don't think so. 

Lunch time approaches. Someone with a wheelbarrow comes through the gates. There's a smell of freshly baked goods (breads / pies / etc). It's an old lady hauling it, human. Definitely pulling more than what her strength seems capable. Thava buys a pie for 10 gold. I try to pull the cart, and succeed. I ask if she's met the elves and orcs in the area, she knows Billie the elf. She says he's about half a day away. hard to move in the forest. Shey says she can cary the cart, she does so. Lotta is her name. Her sisters are Gardina and Annica. Annica is the fast one, Gardina is the rich one. Her windmill is like 3-4 hours away to the east, slightly into the woods. Billie is in Ikea with the shElves. Its a little treck away from the elves. 

We wait for the priestess. I walk off to find the priestess. It's in the kitchen area to the side of the main area. There are plenty of people who work there. I ask to join her for lunch. I ask about the pies. They're quite addictive. I ask about the orcs and the elves. She's on good terms with the eles. They have a mutual respect. She had an encounter witha young orc. He was in line, to help a wolf pet. there were burn marks on the wolf. He didn't give much information. The wounds looked like the soldier's wounds. His psych was damanged. Like he didn't want to live anymore. Theres no cure for lycanthropy. She's doing it "for the greater good". I ask if she knows who could help him. We ask why he needs help. She says she can't regenerate his eyes. We make fun of berrion for a bit. We leaven, berrion stays with the priestess for a bit. 

( don't recap) Ballol says the priestess saw darkness within Berrion. The more he uses his darkness, the more it consumes him. We should watch out for it. 

We get some coffee to sober up the druggies. We decide to head to the elves. Lotta tells us about a wizard in a tower she likes. He's an old elf in the forest. We say we'll keep an eye out for him. She calls him Al. We head toward the elves. We go into the forest, it's dark so I cast dancing lights. Berrion is leading. There's a waft of pollen that gets in our eyes, but we trundle through. We contine making great progress. Berrion spot a rabbit with a horn, it hasn't seen us. Berrion teleports behind the creature and tries to grapple/capture the createure. He successfully grabs it by its horn. Elle believes this is a gem bunny. The horn is used to crack gemstones into fine powder that they bathe in. It's good at finding gems. Ballol ties him up in a leash/harness. The bunny leads us somewhere. He is very fast. There's evidence of the bunny digging, its hole is there. It starts digging to make the hole bigger. He comes up with a big saphire. It's not cut. I pick it up and start wiping it off. Inside it is a flamelike pattern, kinda looks like a skull. Ballol identifies it, it's a saphire gemstone. He learns it was used in ancient rituals, then was lost. It was found near a lake in the forest, with a dead person. Squeek squeek leads us to the lake, i keep the gem. 

The lake seems peaceful and calm. Water's clear, some water lillies in it. We don't see any bodies. I search for evidence of the body being dragged. I find drag marks. There's residue of old blood, days/weeks old. We let squeek squeek go. We go back to the path in the woods. We hear a buzzing sound, one of us has stepped on a beehive in the ground. I cast color spray and prevent the bees from stinging us. We think we're getting close, so we stop to plan. I ritually cast "comprehend languages". Berrion says a greating in elvish and common, we also slow down. Someone starts talking behind us. A massive orc comes out with 8 other orcs. He's huge: musculur and 8 foot tall, he has 2 axes. They killed all the elves, we start walking with them and I fall behind. 

I make the sound of a dragon to disguise my communication. I use the stone to say "found the orks. think they killed the elves. how do you want us to proceed". Everyone turns to look and prepares for battle. Nothing happens, no one suspects me. We're now hostages. Ballol taunts orkovich with pie. Orcavich tries to eat the whole pie, and immediately falls asleep. We walk out of sight then run off. I hear back from quartermaster: "Can you confirm elves are dead, try to find survivers. Do not fight orcs. Are you safe?"