Balol - Alfonso
Elle - Margo
    speaks goblin
Thava - Sarah
Berrion - RJ

We short rest. I study my spellbook and recover a spellslot. Morgana mentioned support may be on the way. It's her father. She wasn't supposed to take the boat. We decide to send downstairs and check out what seems to be the kids bedroom. We start a left hand search. The first door is locked, berrion tries to pick the door and I start detecting magic. He fails to do it, so we try to kick down the door. We break the door down. The room is adorned with moldy wooden skeletons hanging from rusty shackles. There are unlit candles spread around the room. No light except from me glowing. Shadows are moving across the wall from exterior illumination. Scorch marks lead to a statue. It's painted wood in the likness of a gaunt palefaced man in a long block cloak. His left hand rests on a wretched creature. His right hand holds a smokey gray crystal orb. There's a display of relics, we can't see much yet. I peak in and light all the candles. The skeletons are intriquite, see burnt shadows in the wall. I see that the orb has a magical aura. It is transmutation magic. Balol goes up to the orb. He pickes it up, as he touches it the candles flicker and a breeze cna be felt. THe shadows seem to come to light, a gray mist obscures the room. 3 shadows attack us, we defeat them. The burn marks are all gone. The skeletons seem to just be intriquite wooden statures, we cannot really move them. I move on to look at the trinkets, berrion goes up to the statue. It looks like the man from berrion's vision, seems older and more bitter though. Elle discovers the creature in the statue is a dretch. It's not very dangerous, it's a pet of other demons. I look at the trinkets: there's a mummified yellow hand with sharp claws with rope tied to the wrist (goblin's hand), a knife that's made out of human bone, a dagger with a rat's skull on the pommel, a holy water spreader made out of human bone, a folded cloak stitched from ghoul skin, a stick with a mummified and lashed frog, a bag full of bat guano, an iron pendant with a devil's face on it, a shunken head probably child or hafling, small wooden coffer (there's a tongue inside, looks like a dretch's tongue). Thava takes the head. The dagger has residue on it, it smells irony and could be blood. I keep the dagger. The pendant looks like the blue demon, Volerouth. I take it. I run back and take the goblin's hand

We go into the next room. Inside we see a library, red velvet drapes covering the windows. Exquisit mahogany desks with high black chair. Above is a picture of 3 stars above a river (like the coat of arms on the shield). Corners have overstuffed chairs, bookshelves with rolling ladder on the walls. One of the bookshelves has 4 books missing. There's a desk in the room. There's a dark chest in the northern corner. I check out the bookshelf with missing books, thava looks at books on the ground. Elle looks at the desk. Balol also looks at books. There are history, warfare, other topics. Berrion finds 3 antique books in the chest, they seem valuable. Not useful but sellable. Also finds 3 scrolls: Bless, Protection from Poison, Spiritual Weapon. He takes the scrolls then tosses the entire chest in the hole. I investigate the missing books and see a mechanism, probably 4 specific books that belong there. My Twilight Tome book fits perfectly. I put it in the southern most gap. It locks in place, I cannot pull it out. I start looking for more matching books on the ground. Elle puts a book in slot 4. It fits perfectly but hits her with magic. Ground books are: The Bloody Book (red), Treasure Tomb (blue), Quantum Column (black), The Doom Diary (white). I run over and grab the white book. It says my name, describes how I came about my fear of the dark and how creatures that frighten me appear in the dark and might be on this boat. I recognize the quantum mechanics equations. 