Starting mid-battle

Round 4
Elle picks up a stick and makes a magical weapon
I help the orc kid convince the wolves
Thava has been bitten, a wolf-man wakes up
Berrion summons shadow, drops a scorll in front of balol. Releases his incarnation to attack through it and action surges
Balol picked up the scroll and summened a spiritual weapon
More wolves wake up
Orkavik is still frightened
Beryl is about 20 feet above the ground, he drew something on the wolf's forhead and giggles in our minds, then spews something 
The kid yells out my words with his own to convince the wolves. The wolves go quiet. He hear a couple small wolves start howling
The wolves start howling a lot, and start attacking the wolfmen

Round 5
Elle flanks the big bad and attacks
I try to encourage orcavik and kill a wolf-man with my fire
Shadow is poofed
Redclaw attacks Galibar, bites his neck then claws his sides
Berrion summons shadow and attacks through him
Balol tries to push redclaw down and fails
Bery keeps drwaing on the sleeping wolf-man
Galibar's wounds are sealing with break
The wolves start circling in

Round 6
Elle hits big bad
I tell orkavich to eat that horse and hit a wolf0mak with my flaming sphere
The wolfman attacks elle, claws and bite hit
Redclaw attacks Elle: claws hit and take Elle down
Redclaw tries to bite balol: it hits. Balol is bit
Berrion takes out th3e next wolf
Balol retreats and attacks with the crossbow
Thava wastes time talking and dry-fires her crossbow
the last wolf-man wakes
the stupified wolf-man recovers
Orkavik finally recovers from fear
Galibars wounds are still closing
The wolves are growling but not doing anything

Round 7
Elle saves her death throw
I light a corpse on fire, i blast the wolf man with fire bolt
Redclaw rushes Thava, takes attacks of opportunity. It dows a double claw strike, hits. Thava is down
Berrion attacks through shadow: hit
Balol attacks with sacred flame, but misses. Attacks with the book, hits. He retreats and gets hit
Thava suceeds her saving throw
one wolf-man gets attacked by wolves
the other approaching the civilians
orkavich attacks the wolf-man
beryl breath's at redclaw

Round 8
Elle saves her death throw
I hit redclaw wiht my fireball, he's immune. I take out a wolf-man with firebolt
Redclaw just started running around/away. Very distracted, not aware of his situation. He runs into the pack of wolves. They attack him and start tearing him apart
Verrion attacks and kills him, cleaving off redclaw's arms and head. The fire extinguishes
Battle complete!

Berrion checks in on Galibar. His wounds have healed, but he has more barklike skin. He seems fine now. 

21 history
12 arcana
detect magic

I check the corpse to learn about magic. Parts of the corpse are not natural at all, nothing about it is an inate ability. I'ts not part of the magic of the creature. Parts of the body, especially the arms, have been manipulated. I remember seeing fell magic can enhance abilities at a cost, not necessarily to the user, but a cost. Something or someone enhanced redclaw. It definitely seems like Fell magic. I take redclaws right claw.

We long rest.