Session 20 notes

We decide to read Al's notes that Balol found. We see a tall figure amongst the orcs, dressed really well. Arms are furry, he's taking notes. He's an Ursine archivist, makes puns about preserving history. He was summoned to record the history. I ask if there's a way to their plane. We can't get there, but he can take requests. Need to provide an offering of honeycomb, magic parchement, ink, and 100 gold. The spell does not take place if the event doesn't exists. Isimgrim is not a bear. 

We head to Al's tower, we open the door with the key. We search for enchanted in anc paper. We find some enchanted ink. Balol loots the tower, Thava steals a book. I recommend I read the book again, no one agrees. Something falls on my head on the way out. I knock it aside, but there's a brain with paws scuttling around. We roll initiave, we're fighting 2 intellect devourers. We kill the brains. We defeat the brains!

We also discover Berrion cannot read because he can't see the letters. We head back to the the village. There seems to be something going on in the big tent, people are outside. We don't see any elves, we hear chanting and rhythmic drums. And orc says the elves are in their tent. Balol, and Thava go in to the orc tent, Berrion, Elle and I go to the elf tent and find Galibar. He's alone in one of th elfish homes. We tell him our plan, ask if he knows anything about Fell magic, he does not. The last elf in the area is searching for their lost statuette. We tell him to stay with his people and keep them safe. 

[Balol and Thava]. B and T enter the tent. There's a _lot_ of incense, blocking vision. They hear some mumbling/growling in orcish, it seems to be a summoning ritual of some sort. There are patterns of blood on the ground, symbols written by a hand. It's a pattern pointing to the center of the circle. The shaman is sitting in front of something, drawing in blood. He's working with the corpse of the wolf. He's asking the great spirit to bring the wolf back. A cloud comes out of the wolf, slowly taking the shape of a wolf. It's not as solid as the living body, more wavy and transparant. They hear a loud howl. This ritual is straining the shaman. He's seeking retribution for the wolf. He asks what the wolf-creatures were. The wolf growls. Thava casts speak with animals. The orc then asks where did they come from / where did they go? Thava hears "abyss, lost daughter". He asks 'can we, as we are, defeat them?'. The wolf responds "[pause] not alone", then it howls. A call for help, a cry for attack. Balol confirms the lost daughter brought them here. Balol asks who else the lost daughter brought. The wolf ponders, not sure how to answer. It does not know, but there are more. The last thing Thava hears is "Fel". The orc asks: Should we join them?. The wolf howls "the pack is ready". The spirit fades. 

The group gets back together and chats about all that happened. We decide to go after the wolves. Precious will carry the orc child as our guide, so we take him with us. We do the feast, and hear a howl at the end of the feast. 