Balol - Alfonso
Elle - Margo
    speaks goblin
Thava - Sarah
Berrion - RJ

I mention we should grab the tapistry. Thava and Berrion take it down, I examine the exterior of the room while they do that. There's a skeleton in the kitchen and in the corner, bringing to total to 8. The skeleton is the butler. I ritually cast detect magic, table is covered in it. Food is illusion magic, everything else doesn't have magic. We grab all the silverware and plates, and the curtians. We go back through the kitchen, I see a green and twisted jar that's magical. It has a skull top, magic type is abjuration (protects stuff). We investigate closer, it seems to have a coarse grain inside it. 

We move into the next room. This room has oak panels. Mounted at the end of a bookshelf is a stag's head. Around the outskirts are 3 stuffed wolves. Table with 4 chairs, a couch and armchairs looking towars the bookshelf. Small desk. I look through the bookshelf for anything interesting. I find the book Short Jokes for Short people. It makes fun of elves. There is a skeleton in an armchair. The skeleton is shorter, has jewlery and rusted chainmail, Berrion takes the jewlery. Thava pets the wolves, they seem to be shifting and becoming more mosterous. One's snarling. It's magical, enchantment. There's a cask of wine, some goblets, and a pipe rack. There's a cabinat. It's locked, balol hits it with a hammer. He finds heavy/light/hand crossbows with 20 bolts each. I examine the snarling wolf closely. There are paintings, painted by recongizable artists. We toss them in the hole. (1 big, 2 medium, 1 small). We leave and shut the door behind us. 

We go to the next room. I ritually cast detect magic before going in. While this is happening, we hear the sobbing again from below. Balol finds a piano in the hole. Balol identifies the jar, it is spirit shaking salt (4 uses). We go into the next room. The room has 3 doors. They are just wooden doors, they say 1 2 and 3 on them. All are locked, they have view panels around eye height (for a human). We see what's behind door number 1. It's a small room wiht 1 bed, small chest, and a desk and cabinate. Nothing appears magical. I look through the desk, it's not locked and I find a bunch of papers/quill/ink and a small book describing deities, we leave it behind. Berrion finds a lot of silver coins (240) and some gemstones. Balol kicks open door 3 on his own, finds nothing. Thava goes in, sees a similar room. There are 2 skeletons on the bed, they seem to have been embracing each other. They were well dressed. There's jewlry on them. There's magic from a gold ring, enchantment. The jewlery shows they are the Crown couple. I take the enchanted ring. Nothing in the desk. We head down to the next level. 

I keep lighting torches as they go out. Theres a 3 way intersection. We see a bunch of statues and 2 doors straight. At the end of the hallway there's an ornamental mantle. There's a wood framed portrait that appears to be a family. The statues are suits of armor with spears. The doors have pictures playing youths. The back right suit is magical. Thava walks forward toward the suits and smells blood. The sobs get louder, coming from the room behind us to the right. We hear a panicked scream coming from upstairs. It wasn't Morgana's laughing, can't tell who or what it is. We head toward the screams. I create light around us. I see something moving in the corner of my eye. Berrion heads toward the kitchen, I follow just behind. The dining hall door is closed, there's growling. I call "were-wolf", and he licks me. We pester Thava to cast speaks with animals, she does. The barking sounds like "come, help, friends". He says bad magic people, probably gnomes? Morgana fell, there's blood. I cast alarm behind us on the stairwell. We follow werewolf, we don't see morgana immediately. We see morgana in the bottom of the bowl in the floor. Balol goes down to grab her, I stop at the edge of the depression and look around. Elle sees if she's alive, she casts cure wounds on Morgana. The spell has no effect. Elle shakes her and she wakes up. She says there was a tiny creature, size of a child. Grotesque human child, old looking? She's very weak, not in fighting condition. She said it was casting force magic. I ask for details. She said it's wearing ritch robes. It didn't speak, but it screamed. I don't think the creature is a demon. We head to the kitchen

We get to the door: Balol knocks the door open with magic (Thaumaturgy), Berrion gaurds the door and I send my lights in. We see nothing, but the window is open. We look out the window and see nothing. We head back down to the 2nd floor. We look at the armor. Thava taps the armor. Combat begins. We defeat the armor. Not much that's salvageable. 

We rest to heal up. I keep watch, Balol identifies the ring. We don't fully heal and get approached by the creature. We attack it, it casts darkness on us and disappears. Balol salts the creature, it falls to the ground and we feel a breeze. Berrion heals Elle


We head back to the second floor to do our short rest.