I secretly sent "orcs driven out by fell lycanthrope maybe with burning claws, from abyss. advice against fell magic? why not open book?". Response is "confirmed creatures from abys? Get away if possible. Fell drains life, avoid. Regroup at nearest port. Need to discuss in person. Do. Not. Open. Book.". We get a short rest. We discuss whether we should go after the wolves or regroup as requested. The group plans to kill the the wolves without regrouping. We hear a multitude wolf howls, its a full moon. The orcs are split between defending and running. We plan to stay and fight. Galibar is among us, he feels his people are safe in the grove so isn't worried that they're in danger. 

We step outside and Balol see a wolf-man trying to break into the door. He immediately shoots at it and misses. We bind it with hold person and the orcs attack it. The orc civilians are behind the door. We hear another scream, balol and I run up toward it. The civilians go with our party (not rash/balol). 

A wolf jumps in my way and starts to howl for reinforcements. I knock it to the ground with earth tremmor and ask if it can speak. It just snarls, so we kill it. We continue running with the orcs. We're running to the remaining civilians and remaining warriors. We come to the back of another wolf creature fighting an orc warrior. We attack the thing. We find a dead elf, I'm certain there's no danger around us right now. I know that lycantrhopy does not always occur immediately. The person needs to be alive to manifest. Thava finds the statue of the twins on the corpse, doesn't give it to Galibar. We hear another scream and run toward it. Warriors defeat a wolf, we ask them how many they've seen. They saw 4 further down. We send them to find and protect civilians. We've taken out 7 so far. We keep running. We hit a dead end, I use my rope to let the group shimmy down. We find a downed but not dead orc surrounded by 6 wolves and a humanoid. The humanoid slashes a wolf, knocking it back. We kill the creature, the wolves run off. The orc was injured by the humanoid. We find out the orc kid can speak wolf, we ask him to talk with any other wolfs we find. We continue on, there's a wolf in our way and another jumps behind us. I blind the one behind and balol knocks it off the bridge. Elle and Thava attack the wolf. Thava gives a civilian a sickle. Berrion switches to his non-magic weapon and attacks the woflman in the front. We defeat the wolfmen and continue forward. There are 3 creatures ahead of us, I knock a branch on them, but the bridge snaps from the weight. We hear an echoing voice in our head, that starts with a laugh. It asks if this is a game, says it was funny. We don't recognize the voice. I yell "get out of my head, demon child voice"! It won't show itself, but it thinks we're funnly. We ask it for help. I start a mantra to try and block it out. Berrion teleports away. He learns its name is Beryl. Beryl repeats every word twice, he's the treat supplier for Annika. It cannot fight, but could put them to sleep maybe. Beryl says it's a fairy dragon. It likes pranks

I missed a bit, resuming.

He eats a specific type of flower and nuts. It likes the sleeping flowers. Balol gives it the sleeping cake. We hear some flapping and see the cake go missing. Beryl said he saw 6 more down south. I realize some lycanthropes will transform back with the rising. The burning claws were bannished from the fey wilds, called the Great Hunt. It has dream breath that makes things go to sleep. We head to the next wolves, approaching the exit to the village. We see 3 dead orc warriors and 6 of the bipedal wolves blocking the exit. There are 24 regular wolves. We ask the kid to talk to the wolves, but he's a bit scared. The shaman's head is thrown into the middle of us, the burning hands wolfman appears behind us. We roll initiative.

I'm frightened. It seems to have a resistance to fire. I'm no longer frightened. 

