Balol - Alfonso
Elle - Margo
    speaks goblin
Thava - Sarah
Berrion - RJ

Tomb of arceleous, Lamoren's tower


Mendex: aparently dead. We met him in person (we thought). Elderly gentleman, in wheel chair, pushed around by a brute. He's actually a dragon! 

Berrion and I go to the library and research Veriglaz, focusing on combat info. We learn that veriglaz has been active for > 200 years. He's white, very vane, ice dragon (resist / immune to cold). Breath is cold. Born with too small hind legs. Dragons are scary, don't engage in their lair because it's altered to their preference. Cold King's island was not always snowy

Morgana is a new captain, no one knows much about her. 

We head back to the Sea Ass bar. Thava puts a leash on the owlbear. We approach Morgana, talk about pets. Skeleton crew is magical, of course. Got the crew from her dad. He's not a nice guy. She's been on the see for about a week. First adventure, maiden voyage. She hear a rumour of a luxury boat lost at sea, she thinks she knows where it might be. There's bound to be plenty of treasure. Split 6 ways, but I get flasks. Morgana is looking for protection. We take all treasure, Morgana gets the ship. She knows of magical mist, and has a gem that can dispell it with light. Hasn't interacted with the witch hunters, and they don't dare to go after her dad. Not much of fighter, uses daggers and pistols. Berrion gets a potion that makes his armor light and him ungrapleable for 1 day (potion of slipperiness, basically spell freedom of motion). 3-4 days voyage. 

I try to read the book and fail. Balol follows morgana after the bar. She seemed to magically sober. We rest

We go to the boat. It's not large, sail boat for like 10+ people but not a big vessle. No armaments, made for speed. We get on the ship, set sail and leave the harbor. There's a belowdecks with hammoks to sleep in. Morgana has her own hut. The crew is completely covered in robes, they don't really react to things around them. There are 6 of them. It's wavey, I get sea sick and start hurling. I cast detect magic, and don't get any from the crew. I see that morgana has magical items, and she tries to stay in the shade. She has a pale complection. I sense magic in her room. The owlbear learns to play fetch with the dog. Morgana signs us a song in draconic, she doesn't actually know what it means. Thava translates: It's about a pirate daddy, he's not a good pirate. he sails into a storm. Berrion asks for an elvish song. One of the skeleton crew plays the violin. 

I try to read the book and succeed. It tells of arkeleous's endevers to trap 3 demon lords. Describes Gulmagus the red, who was successfully trapped in the flask. Says Gulmagus is a lessor lord in the abyss, quite strong and powerful back them. Ark weakoned him then put him in the flask. He starved the demon, not letting it feast upon souls, so is probably still weak.  It makes super loud noise now and I have to stop. The pages turn to faces and scream at me and the book closes. 

We see morgana keeps watch on the ship at night. Crew did not sleep. 2nd day of voyage. I try the gem, it just makes my light blue for now no other effect. Balol attempts to build a balista. 

Night 2, i read the book again. I succeed, the book seems to be trying to eat my face. I learn the names of the other demons: Mourseroth, the tempest of carnage, who is trapped in a painting, and Volerouth the Vile, who's stuck in a mirror. Mourseroth is the demon of a raging storm, color is blue, when he runs it sounds like thunder. They're all pretty highly ranked but lessor demon lords who have eaten countless souls. Painting is of the demon, he has horns that stick forward, bulky hind-legs. No real description of the mirror, might have IA (initials). My lens doesn't dispel any darkness.

Day 3: Elle fishes, using a potato as bait. She catches a pair of nice green leather boots. They are magical, enchantment. They are Boots of Speed, clicking heels doubles speed and gives advantage on attack saving rolls. 10 min / day. We all fish, get a lot of fish. Night falls. We should get there late tonight or early tomorrow. We approach the fog at night.

Morning comes, we're surrounded by mist. Seems the mist is moving. The mist disappears in the gap where I'm shining it, 60 feet out. We don't see anything, we hear a large crack. We're knocked to the side of the boat, seems something hit us hard in the stern. I run to the stern, I see a bigger boat! Dark in color, black, thick wood, much higher than our boat.  Balol uses the balista to attach a rope to the boat. Berrion teleports to the other ship, stabalizes the rope. I climb the rope, We don't see morgana. Some of the crew was bumped out. The rest are trying to steer the ship. We all get up, i shine my light. we see stuff. We're on a wooden deck, very dark deck. Right in front of us is a concave area, that arean' isn't wood. there's water in the bottom of the depression. Past that is glass housing, like a concervatory. There are tables and chairs inside, broken glass all over. Each side of the boat has stairs going dow, the back has stairs that go up to maybe the bridge. We don't see any creatures, but there are metal gates at the staircases. I see parts of the water where something has fallen down, there are bubbles coming up. We figure this must have been the skeleton crew. There are no traps. We head to the bridge, thava kicks the door open. There are no sails on this ship. We see several battered skeletons lying in rubble on the sides of the room. Dust covers the wheel. There's a feamor holding the wheel. There's a book, i don't see any traps. It's the captains's log. The last page is a list of passengers. There are arceleous, a famous musician. Willowcrowns were elfish, quite powerful back in the day. Mysteriously disappeared. Balol pulls a leaver, it slows and stops the boat. The boat has been circling for like 200 years, note was from the same year IA died. We check out the conservatory. In the room are some skeletons, no movement, wall paneling has images of deer and trees. There are chairs against the wall, stained glass depecting people playing instruments. There's a book, it's blue, i grab it. It's called twilight tome. It's filled with what looks like random characters. We head down belowdecks. There's a rusted iron gate at the stop of the stairs, reflects the light in a green hue. There are oaken doors on the way down. We enter a room with a shield with a coat of arms, 3 stars over a river and stone faced aristocrats. I light oil lamps with my magic. IT's the arceleous family coat of arms. We go through the room, we see a main hall. Interior is cold with wood paneld walls. really rich. the panels show a lot of serpents and skulls hidden in the wall designs. There are doors on the left and right and a hall on the far side. We hear a collection of subtle noises, a muffled screaming and crying of a child. And sounds of clinking glass, laughter, and muffled conversation. Balol opens the bow-side door, towards the dinner sounds. We enter a tidy kitchen, with a door on the far side. Shelves are stocked with rotten and pickeled items. Balol opens the door and yells Hello. It's a beautiful dining room, mahogany table with 8 chairs. Has a great feast, not rotten, marble bust with an alpine vale above it. No people, no sounds of people. The interior carvings are showing twisted faces carved in tree trunks, with strange creatures lurking in the woods. Red silk drapes cover the window, there's a tapestry showing hunters chasing a strange beast, it's held up by an iron latch. 