PDDy and titania are fighting at the bow in a strange manner: She holds 2 fingers up to the sky, creates a prismatic wall. The admiral leaps into the air and kicks the Sahaugen into the wall. People check for casualties, help each other out. Morgana, galibark, the orcs are defending the doors into the ship. They come out and check on us. Nothing on the ship is damaged. This is unusual behavior for Sahaugen. Almost like it was a targetted attack. 

We're about 2 hours from shore. I take a short rest in my room and regain a level 2 spell slot. 

We're going into Lighthalzen. It's a much livlier city than what we've visted before. The buildings are made of sandstone, reflecting the light. Most buildings are 1 or 2 stories, except the temple area which are much taller. Almost as if they're competing with each other. There are many different taverns and inns, a big market square in the center of the town. 

We go talk to PDDy, asking about his contacts and how to find them. He has just one, who could be a guide to Al's tower. The contact can by tricky to get ahold of: He has a calling card. He's not under employment, just a contact from PDDy. Galibar asks if there's a temple for the twins, pddy doesn't think so. Berrion asks if we'd be a danger to the city. PDDy says it would benefit us to blend in. It has a very diverse population and lots of trade. Don't be alarmed by seeing what is normally a vile creature. Might be an opportunity to disguise ourselves, masks are in style. 

Is there any way to restore Al's memory. Arch-fey have not cured his curse. It likely requires a higher diety or the person that created the curse. He'd rather stay cursed than meet the lost daughter. He might join us in the fight if we can prove we have a chance. 

Balol thinks maybe we an contact deamons to help. His god isn't supporting him. PDDy has comments: never trust a deamon, they will betray you, and they will betray each other. Demon's don't care about favors, devils do. All demon promises are false. There are magics that can give some control if we have a piece of their soul, but that's probably Fell magic. 

I disguise myself as a Coldlight Walker. We all dress up as various things. 

We disembark and smell fish. There are lots of ships, Elle recognizes some flags on ships and points them out. Theres an old man with a pipe sitting outside the tavern _somethign_ bell. Houses are white sandstone. These seem to be the original houses, lots of poor people. 

I look for a magic shop that has or knows where to find ways to reverse scrys. I learn of the shop Glen's Glowsticks. They sell 'magical' candles. He sometimes help, they sometimes explode. Lots of stories, some sound like spells I know. Seems legit. I head to the magic shop, the others go to temples to see if they can get cured. Berrion sees a temple that seems likely to be a Raven queen temple. We'll meet at the crying bell later. 

At Glen's
It's a smaller shop that has quite a unique smell, stronger than other stores. Super soapy, pungent small. It has a wooden roof with purple tiles and really stands out. As I enter the shop, most things are made of wood (floor, furnature). Candles are burning everywhere, skeletons are holding candles. Some skeletons are gnomes, humans, other races. Nothing too exodic, the common races. Behind the counter is a purple-clad dragonborn. Smaller one, not small but no bulky. He doesn't have a candle that can reverse scrying. Moonlight candles can resist scrying. I cast detect magic. Almost everything is magical, except one shelf that has regular scented candles. I cast detect magic and look at his discarded magic. I grab one that's school of Conjuration, and promise to give Glen a good word with Sabak Bluff. 

The temple crew visits the temple of Balol's god. Balol asks about their clerics, to see if they have the power to counter their affliction. His temple doesn't have someone that could do that. There's a tripple temple, for the morning lord + alafia + lyfander. There is a spell that migh remove it, but it costs 500 gold and 100 of which needs to be diamond dust. It may not work if caused by a demonlord. That would be one cast, and only can happen once a day. They head to the raven queen's temple. The roof tiles appear adorned with black feathers. The dark towers twist and look raven friendly. The interior floor is black and slick, with white speckles scattered in it. There are not many people here, the room echos as they walk. Berrion falls to his knees and cries. A figure floats up quickly, in a white mask, and speaks "rise, you are in a safe place". "What brings you here". B: "I don't remember why I left. We've taken bad damage from a demon. I've come to pay worship and repair my bonds to our queen". W: "Your bond cannot be broken, do not fret. She will always be with you". B: "There's a difference between broken and strained. Some years are harder than others." W: What about these demons, are they enemies of the matron. B: they appear to be, how much do you know of Narul? W: despised goddess of the enemy, the undead. our doctron is Narul is to be feard and fought at any opportunity. B: I have not had the opportunity to fight directly. We've fought constructs of her lutennants, the lost daughter. W: I don't know that name, but she must be a enemy. B: we're early in our battles. It hasn't gone well yet. W: are you looking to our matron for aid: B: yes. W: step into the pool and pray. Berrion goes. He climbs in and starts praying. The others just watch. The liquid is viscous and very cold. Like laying in custard. It feels weird. He has a weird feeling of not taking in any visual/audio information. Reminded what deep meditation feels like. His mind drifts off to a dreamlike state. Not sure if his thoughts are his own or not. Everything is dark, cold, and quiet. Feels like a life before, in shadowfell, long before this adventure. A raspy, familiar voice asks "why are you back?". B: "Because I need help, who else would I turn to?". V: "You know I will always help, should you ask". B: "But you know that's nto easy for me and things aren't the best between us recently. I would love help (describes situation). I want to serve you again". V: "I cannot directly interfere, but I can guide you. You'll have to help yourself". B: "I feel lost". V: "If you are lost, why are you not following my leads and hints? I'm keeping an eye on you. Your soul belongs to me." B: "If you've been following, then you know why I'm confused. What comes from you and what might not?". V: I'm trying to guide you, but it's your choice. V/B some back and forth about paths and the following thereof, and being lost and straying. The vision fades, presense receeds. THe liquid is less cold, more gentle and welcoming and warm. Berrion finds something in his hand. 

I'm walking through the market square. I hear some weaping. I'm getting bumpped and jostled. I continue toward the crying bell. We all meet up at the crying bell. Our money is gone. The party wants to try and find the gold, I'm very skeptical. We head to the magic shop. Balol tries to get stolen from, with Elle watching behind him. Elle sees a small child in simple robes. not human, probably. not sure if dressed up. very tiny, eyeing balol a bit. Starts pinching himself in the face, eyes start to water. I hear a familiar crying. I tell the team that. Balol gets bumped, the ring is gone. Too many to see who it was. The kid is still there crying. Elle asks why he's crying. "I was supposed to hold hands with friends, but he didn't and got lost". The streets are very crowded. We see the child is not human at all, but a tiny dragonborn-like thing but even smaller. It's a kobolt, a tinier version of a dragon born. liek a hafling dragonborn. They tend to be expert craftsmen and submissive. He's the distraction, is leading us to the thieves. We don't get far, then we hear a rustling and heavy-but-light footsteps. "Oi, what are you doing to that wee-lad kobolt". It's another cobolt in heavy armor, looking angry. Weird argument starts in draconic. Balol gives a random threat. We continue following the little cobolt. We're taken to a small alleyway. People aren't waling ther. There are 2 cobolts, they seem unarmed (could have conceeled weapons). One was holding a coinpurse, it looks like mine. We threaten heavily, one dropps the coin purse, the other shits himself. Thava keeps muttering in a language, insulting Rash but I don't understand it. Thy give the money and ring back. Thava dukes out money without talking to the party. Rash is not pleased. We hear "Fetcher" in common a few times. We're getting drawn into a side quest. The fetcher lives in an underground place. Morg is the palidon. The Fetcher stole an emblem from Morg. 

We head back to the inn to sleep overnight. 