Balol - Alfonso
Elle - Margo
    speaks goblin
Thava - Sarah
Berrion - RJ

Tomb of arcelous, Lamoren's tower


Mendex: aparently dead. We met him in person (we thought). Elderly gentleman, in wheel chair, pushed around by a brute. 

Session 5

Start with long rest. No guards, each to their own room. Thava mentions she had a dream last night about meeting Mendex. Berrion had the same dream, was a recollection. They drank the potion. I find out there's no evidence of necromancy on Elle, makes Berrion extra weird. We head back to the smithy to pick up Thava's weapon. Smith is a red dragon named Knattao? Master Sabak. Does both metalwork and enchantment. Another dragonborn. We get the weapon back, then head toward the cove. Thava feels nautious as we approach. I have grab the flask, I don't feel nautious. The closer we get to the coast, the rockier it gets. WE climb up some rocks, then down to a beach area. There's a cove on the side. Somone is in a chair on the beach, seems to have gray hair and is humanlike. Large person in haphazard metal armor, with a full helm. We approach mendex, at 10s of feet away we see the chair has wheels. There's a chest next to him, slightly ajar. Lots of valuables in there it seems. There's a dog-sized feathered and furred creature, an owlbear, with them. Mendex is really weird and interested in the flask.  He seems to have everyone's awards. Mendex can help with ....something... that can forge the key into my hand. Mendex says Lamoren is a necromancer. Mendex says what happend to arcelous, said they worshiped demons. Berrion calls out mendex's age. We hand him the flask. We hear in the distance a voice saying "stay away from that man, he's not who you think he is". It's Gabriel and the witch hunters. Mendex starts looking skaley, with spiny frills and a beak. He grow's massive, with wings instead of arms. He's a white dragon. He flys over and breaths ice breath at the witch hunters. The flask is in his right hand, the 3 guards crumble but gabrial seems to withstand most of the impact but falls down. He's not destroyed. "Mendex" yells "Are you in league with the witch hunters. Berrion teleports on to the dragon's back and stabs it. Balol shoots the flask, I try to catch it and fail with impressiveness. It hits the ground and cracks, a red mist starts swirling. The dragon flees, the mist is gaining a shape. Humanoid but much much larger. Much larger than golliath size, bulking muscles and great black horns. Deep crimson red. GOlden armor and a black skirt. There's a sinister laugh, and the creature dissapears. The mist dispurses, with an evil sounding thank you. Thava heals gabrial. He comes consious. The Arcane Residium is in a pouch in the chest. I have it now. Dragon was Veriglaz the Deciever. Berrion and I go to the top of a cliff to investigate a red mist he saw. The golliath tied himself up. 

Gabrial: Arcelous lived a long time, we believe he made a deal with demons using them for long life. There are probably 2 more somewhere. Maybe the pirate's quest is related?

Thava gets an owlbear

Elle asks the golliath what he knows. He's from the cold-kings island. Doesn't remember why he's here, he was just supposed to guard the treasure and the old man. "Mendax" had the persona of "King cold" on the island. Island is mostly golliath's. They are allies of the dragon, would not support us. They would probably attack us. Golliath's name is Dave (David).

Gabrial asks for help. They have leads on another trapped demon, want outsiders to investigate since witch hunters are known and disliked. It's a noble in the capital who's tranced by a mirror. His archivist said this is a recent occurance. 

We decide to go back to the port town, to go with captain morgana. We learn a little about Barrion. The Raven Queen is a diety. Very neutral goddess, doesn't like undead. Can't control the souls of undead. Very against necromancy. 

We head back to town, send the golliath home. The golliath heals Berrion. We go into the forge to meet the master, we feel both heat and cold coming from the working area. At the huge ceiling height forge there's a dargon-esque creature with silvery shine scales. Looks very draconic, much more than a dragon-born. It's actually a dragon. It's very interested in this task. It only takes half of my residium. I agree to do this. Dragon pounds things into my hand, draws arcane sygils that I think are an enchantment. He breaths a very small dragon's breath on my hand to finish the enchantment. I feel extreeme cold, at the edge of my tollerance. The key is attached to my hand, as an action I can cast light to see through magical darkness as kinda a cantrip. Sabak Bluff is his name

I ask about Veriglaz. We're recommended to protect against the cold, avoid using normal weapons. Count our blessings that we're alive. He's know for his great treasures, but this smith is scared of him. He was born with a deformity, doesn't like his deformity beign called out. 

The flask is just a normal glass flask, nicely made. Nothing specific about the flask held the demon.

