Balol - Alfonso
Elle - Margo
    speaks goblin
Thava - Sarah
Berrion - RJ

We head back to the 3 way intersection and take the left (starboard) side. It takes a while, it's uphill :(. We meet no resistance on the way back. As we go along the turn it gets really steep. The tracks from the right (port) are comign back down. We head onward and upward. Berrion says there might be a queen, this tends to happen if something is extremely infested and one female becomes a queen. They can be around without a queen as a scout force. Like a lot more than what we've seen so far, more like 2 dozen. The spiral is quite steep now. We go off the map, and reach a platou, see some light and a bunch of carts in a row. We see an exit, we peak outside. We see a sillouette ofa short and broad person. It's Yulgren, he's replacing signs. We give him the ankheg heads. We take a short rest and I recover a spell slot. We head back down. I burn a lemon peal, it smells nice and we notice it drives away bugs. Maybe good for ankegs?

I cannot yet ride precious. We get back to our cart. We get in and continue to the next intersection. We hop out of the cart and go to the right, down an offshoot path. There are no torches, we're relying on our darkvision and thava's hand-held lantern. The lemon smell is fading away and thava sees some white powder, she bends down and licks it. It tastes like shit. It's guano! We find out the bats are afraid of giant owls and birds of prey, they have keen hearing. We discuss plans about doing things. I grab some guano, maybe it can make a boom stick? I make a big owl sound and scare precious. Nothing comes our way. I'm protected in the middle, we head down the hall. It gets more narrow. It's not as re-enforced as the rest. Getting down to about 10 feet wide. We see it get down to 1 person in depth and it stops about 60 feet further. We see there's a small opening at the top near then end of the tunnel, it's like an air vent maybe. There's guano coming down from the hole. We found their poop shoot! We head back out of the passageway. Balol hears what sounds like a dog wimpering. 

We get back to the rounded room and continue exploring the right, going toward the next offshoot. We see some carts along the side and off the track. It looks like the main shaft, there's debree and ore lying around. We see a stone face on the ground at the right, it looks surprised. It's a metal face, kinda like a mask but it's as big as me. It looks surprised. It doesn't have the features of any particular race. Elle says it's horrifying and it changes its expression. It changes it's expression based on what it hears. Balol just picks the mask up, it seems to be a shield. We sit and wait for Balol to Identify it, I start detecting magic. It's a magical shield called Shield of Expression. It isn't enhanced, but it mimics expressions it hears. We toss it in the portable hole and continue

Precious seems hungry, we feed her a rabbit. We get to the continuation point and proceed to the next offshoot. The track don't continue. We walk down it, it doesn't get much narrower. We see that the earth has been turned up like where we met the ankhegs before. Nothing happens and we continue and found a natural chamber, we cannot see across. There are lots of stalactites and stalagmites. I go to check them out on the right. I see the last one seems to be unnatural, it looks like a grotesque face and has large wings, it's made of stone. It looks like the giant form of a bat. I know there are spells that can change flesh to stone, it usually takes a long time. There are creatures that can turn creatures to stone. Like a Gorgon or a Cockratrice or a Basilisk. We all close our eyes. Berrion looks around and finds an ankheg corpse. I set the corpse on fire. We see bunch of eggs burning, at least 9, less than 20. The light of the burning corpse reveals the left wall, where there's a small pool of something green. Shadow goes over to poke the green liquid with his hand. We're like 30 feet from it. Shadow moved without Berrion's command, this is disturbing. Thava uses the flask of arcelaous to collect some of the green liquid. She sees cracked egg shells in there, unknown number. Balol wants me to burn the mysterious green liquid. Thava walks a little bit away and pours the flask on the ground, then comes back to us. I firebolt it. It burns heavily, like oil. Green flames, no smoke. We hear precious coughing. We argue over setting the liquid on fire. Something tuggs on my backpack, berrion is given me the scroll of see invisibility. We continue on slowly

We see a red sign that says stpo. We stop at the sign. We see an intersection, with a tunnel going off to the right, the tracks go that direction. 